These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More SHE’S having sleepless nights as a merciless mashonisa is threatening her and demanding to sleep with her. The 30-year-old woman from Motherwell, Port Elizabeth said she borrowed R500 from a mashonisa known as Malume in March. “My husband divorced me in December. I moved with my two kids from Humansdorp to Port Elizabeth after getting a job as a domestic worker,” she said. “I didn’t have enough money to move so I borrowed R500 from Malume. I was supposed to pay him back his money plus 50% interest at the end of March. But he went away for two months and when he came back in May he demanded R1 500. I paid him R1 000, which was all I had.” She said Malume demanded more money and she paid him another R1 000 in October. “I thought I had paid him in full but he phoned me on 3 November telling me that I still owed him R2 000. I told him I didn’t have the money. That was when he told me he had to poke me to settle the debt. He comes every day insisting I have intercourse with him.” Malume refused to talk to the media. He said: “This is my business and no one should tell me what to do. I didn’t force her to borrow money from me.” Police spokesman Captain Andre Beetge said: “It is a sexual harassment case. The woman should report it to the police.” Black Coffee’s mom embroiled in debt scandal In Pics:My 4-5 Won't Sleep! Former Sundowns winger allegedly dodging R500 debt These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More