These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More President Jacob Zuma’s nephew, Khulubuse Zuma, has recently become the talk of the town after a video of what appears to be him falling out of an expensive luxury sports car emerged on social media. In the video, a black Lamborghini, which presumably belongs to Khulubuse, can be seen parked at a Shell garage. He then attempts to get out of the car, but struggles and almost hits the ground several times. He eventually manages to exit the vehicle by falling out of the car and putting his hand on the floor to support himself. Just last month, the former Aurora director claimed he was too broke to defend himself in court. Police Minister Fikile Mbalula pointed out the contradiction by posting the video with the caption: “Tough times!!!” Tough Times!!! pic.twitter.com/4ZEDHlBP3h — RSA Police Minister (@MbalulaFikile) November 20, 2017  Most social media users ended up poking fun at Khulubuse’s weight instead of sympathising with him. One user said he should spend more money on losing weight rather than expensive cars, while another emphasised how he “oozed/poured out of the car”. Some wondered how Khulubuse fit into the car in the first place. BREAKING: New Finance Minister Gigaba signs nuclear deal EFF 'turning Zuma's backyard upside down' - Malema R7.8m Nkandla bill gives Zuma family sleepless nights These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More