 This one’s tricky, to differentiate a real relationship from one that’s fake. What really is a fake relationship? It’s an illusion that  you have come to believe, illusion of a long lasting relationship. Many of us are in fake relationships, without even knowing. What you might be having is an affair,  real relationships take a lot of efforts, no doubts there, but they are always better than fake ones in the long run. There is a big difference between someone just saying those lovey-dovey things to you and someone that actually means those things. There are a lot of things that need to be considered in order to be in a ‘real relationship’ because one can easily manipulate someone and fool them into believing that they actually love them. Mostly people try to get in relationships just to ‘get in their pants’, or it is more like a ‘time-pass’ kind of a thing. Here are the red flags that you need to keep an eye out for and prevent yourself from being fooled. Good communication is a requisite for a healthy relationship, if you are in a relationship where you two barely communicate, you can’t recall the last time you had a heart to heart with your partner, you just text each other every once in a while, it’s  just on and off, you are unaware of what’s going on in the other person’s life and it generally feels like you don’t know the other person then you’re not really in a relationship. You have formed a real bond only when you feel connected with your partner; emotionally, physically and mentally. For example, if we talk about long distance relationships. The communication is kind of the only thing the two have. They don’t get to see each other every day, they don’t get to go on a date with each other either, texting and calling each other is the only thing they have. Now, in order to stay together, they have to talk nearly all day long. You have to text them all the time to know ‘what’s up’, you have to call quite often to know how they are doing, maybe a video call sometimes and go on a ‘virtual’ date. This might come as a surprise, you two are practically nibbling on each other, isn’t that a good thing? No, it isn’t. This is indicative of over-compensatory and ostentatious behaviour. You are trying to put on a show, a make-believe. It’s a way of maintaining the illusion that you guys have created, to lie to yourself and the others around you. You might be in a fake relationship and still manage to hear things like; ‘What a perfect couple you guys are’, ‘You make us want to have a relationship’ etc. If you guys are not this crazy about each other in private but can’t keep your hands off each other as soon as you have company, then you have a few questions to ask.      8 Signs Of Fake Love 10 Ways To Tell If Your Relationship is actually Real or Fake 7 Ways To Make Sure Your Next Relationship Ends Up Being Your Last These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More