These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Papa Penny’s manager, Lerato Manaka and her husband who is a businessman, Thabang Manaka have reportedly been behind bars at the Johannesburg Prison since 01 November 2017. A report has revealed that the pair was sentenced to eight and six years in prison respectively after they were found guilty of fraud and money laundering. The judgment and sentencing was handed down by the Johannesburg Specialised Commercial Crime Court.  Papa Penny Penny’s manager,Lerato This comes after Lerato moved millions of Rands from Danone SA’s bank account to that of Thabnaka Investments, a company owned by her husband, Thabang. This happened while Lerato was Danone SA’s project manager in 2011. Fans of Papa Penny will recognize Lerato’s name from a story that broke in March this year in which she asked DStv to halt the airing of Mzansi Magic’s Papa Penny Ahee. Lerato who is said began working with Penny Penny on his Mzansi Magic reality show, Papa Penny Ahee, in July 2016. She said that although he bragged about his lavish lifestyle on air he never paid her the R205 000 that he owed her. Court papers seen have revealed that the laundering of funds from Danone to Thabnaka Investments did indeed happen. They also show that Lerato created fake service invoices that make it seem as though her husband’s company had rendered services to Danone. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More