These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A MADALA is begging for help with a mystery condition which causes his balls to keep growing. Abdullah  (71) from Kedah in northern Egypt traces the start of his woes to an illness 30 years ago. He was afflicted by a redness, itchiness and a fever. Within months, the size of his t_esticles was making walking difficult. Up until today, no medical treatment has helped Abdullah. His balls are now the size of coconuts, according to the report. Abdullah is now pleading with the public for any help they can give. My big baby headache Emtee stranded on highway after his car ran out of petrol Pics: 8 Year-Old Boy Turns Into A Stone Because Of Rare Condition. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More