These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More TWO women were collecting water from a river when one of them was snatched by a crocodile. Cops said the 52 year old woman was with her fellow church member when the incident occurred on Sunday at around 6:20, in Thohoyandou, Limpopo. Limpopo cops spokesman said the surviving woman told them they went to the Mutshindudi river to collect water that was going to be used in a church ritual. That’s when the crocodile grabbed the woman and vanished with her into the water. He said the other woman ran for her life and notified the community which then quickly alerted the cops. Saps Divers, EMS and the Nature Conservation Personnel have been searching for the woman but have not yet managed to find her. The search is still continuing.  Woman dies during deliverance sex with Louis Trichardt Pastor Ritual turns tragedy; Limpopo brothers killed while raping a crocodile Ekurhuleni Witch trapped in Sangoma's compound These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More