These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More THE Nazareth Baptist church leader Inkosi Vela Shembe has died. It’s reported that Shembe died after a short illness, and he was not shot dead as it was rumoured. Inkosi Vela Shembe was the leader of the Thembezinhle faction which is embroiled in a leadership court battle with the eBuhleni faction. The battle for supremacy in the multi-million member church played out in court since its leader Vimbeni Shembe’s death in March 2011. Vimbeni Shembe’s son Mduduzi and Vimbeni’s cousin, Vela, both claimed to be his rightful heirs. In line with the church’s constitution which was adopted in 1999, Vimbeni nominated his successor in writing and left the deed of nomination with his attorney. However, this lead to a drawn-out court battle between Mduduzi Shembe of the eBuhleni faction and Inkosi Vela Shembe of the Thembezinhle faction. Shembe pastor explains why Zuma is experiencing misfortunes Watch: King Zwelithini publicly embarrassed by church member Police Minister Nkosinathi Nhleko uses police to abuse wife These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More