These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More THE people in Zimbabwe are really happy Robert Mugabe has resigned as president. But for some it wasn’t enough that the 93-year-old just gave up his iron-fisted rule. They wanted the old man dead and buried too! A video has surfaced showing fake mourners attending a mock funeral where Uncle Bob is sent off in style. Mourners are seen around a box with Mugabe’s images pasted on it, as if viewing the body as you would at a funeral. Others danced around the small casket that had a cross on it, waving goodbye to Mugabe. And for good measure, a few are even seen having fits around the casket on the ground in what seems to be a busy street in Harare. Zimbabweans have now literally buried Mugabe on social media, where memes of him and his fall from grace have been multiplying. Meanwhile, the incoming administration of Emmerson Mnangagwa has been asked to uphold the rights of government officials detained by the military during Mugabe’s ousting. Mnangagwa is expected to be sworn in as president at an inauguration ceremony today. Mugabe’s rapid downfall was triggered by a battle to succeed him by Mnangagwa and Mugabe’s wife, Grace. Mnangagwa told crowds who turned out in Harare to greet him on Wednesday: “All patriotic Zimbabweans should come together to ensure prosperity. “We want to grow our economy, we want jobs,” he told the crowd. Zimbabwe's ruling party endorse Mugabe for 2018 election. He will be 94 WATCH: Mugabe’s son parties in SA with expensive champagne Is Mugabe dead? Rumours of dictator’s demise after ‘shock hospital trip’ These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More