These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Cape Town – The EFF has thrown its weight behind the military in troubled Zimbabwe by calling for a peaceful transition of power and for South Africa to offer President Robert Mugabe political asylum. “President Mugabe cannot insist on remaining in power even when he is physically incapable of doing so,” said the firebrand political party in a statement. It said that it was high time the southern African country “transits to a post-Mugabe era”, adding that “all progressive forces all over the world should support the transition”. The Zimbabwe army, in an unprecedented move, intervened in the country’s political crisis, following an outcry over the ousting of VP Emmerson Mnangagwa, and attempts to force Grace Mugabe to lead the country. Mugabe and his family have been placed under military guard as the army also took over the state broadcaster earlier, in what many have described as a coup. The EFF was of the view that the military must be “encouraged to lead a non-violent transition which will culminate in free, fair and democratic elections, and which will in the process respect the autonomy of the judiciary”, said spokesperson Mbuyiseni Ndlozi. “The ZDF (Zimbabwean Defence Force) should make sure that there is no loss of life during the transition, but should decisively suppress agent provocateurs who will try to undermine the long overdue transition.”  The EFF has been calling for Mugabe to step down for over a year, with its leader Julius Malema pleading with Mugabe to step down during a memorial it held in honour of late Cuban revolutionary Fidel Castro. ‘Pain and destabilisation’ “Zimbabwe has experienced a lot of pain and destabilisation over of the past two decades, lost its currency and displaced millions of its citizens due to economic hardships.” The party said that while it appreciated that some pain in the country once dubbed the “breadbasket of the continent” was due to imperialist actions, a significant part of it was self-inflicted.    @EFFSouthAfrica Finally, we call on the South African government to prepare to welcome President Mugabe for political asylum. He must be allowed to come to South Africa so that a peaceful transition can indeed take place. #Zimbabwe  @EFFSouthAfrica The EFF is of a strong belief and view that President Robert Mugabe must hand over political power to the next generation and should not allow his name to be used for the further degeneration of a country he led to political liberation.#Zimbabwe The EFF also called on South African authorities to give Mugabe and his family political asylum to help ensure a peaceful transition. “We must do this to aid peace, allowing Zimbabweans to immediately stabilise their country and institutions for the sustainable civilian rule and a better future,” said Ndlozi. 
 SHOTS FIRED: Robert Mugabe challenges Julius Malema to a boxing match ‘Mugabe can no longer hold a pen or write half a page’ – EFF continues assault on Zimbabwe leader BREAKING: Grace Mugabe returns to Zimbabwe despite assault claim These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More