These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Just a few months after Enhle Mbali was criticised for wearing the same dress to two separate events, Cassper has become the butt of social media jokes after it was pointed out that he repeated his underwear.    The trouble started on Wednesday when Cassper posted yet another thirst-trap snap of himself in only his jocks. While most of us were still drooling over his six-pack, beady eyed fans were quick to point out that he was wearing the same underwear as in other snaps he had taken recently. Someone else should marry 'awesome' Boity - Cassper I never tried to claim Cassper; i don't buy children, I make them-  Penny Penny Boity deserved better than me - Cassper These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More