THEY put on their wigs and flocked to the Ink Hop Music Festival on Saturday. But soon, many had to leave Princess Magogo Stadium in KwaMashu, KZN with their natural hair exposed. Whoonga addicts allegedly snatched the wigs from the heads of several women at the stadium while they were dancing. A victim (31) from J section said she was wearing a Brazilian wig which her boyfriend had bought for her birthday last month. It cost R3 500.    “I was still enjoying The Legacy’s performance when I felt someone taking my wig off my head. I looked behind me and saw a man running away with my weave. I screamed but there was too much noise and nobody heard me,” she said. Another victim, Thandeka Gcabashe (24) from B section, Umlazi said she was wearing a wig she had borrowed from a friend. “I saw someone taking it but I couldn’t do anything because the stadium was packed and noisy,” said Thandeka. The women said they didn’t report the matter to the cops because they thought it was a waste of time. A kasi source said whoonga addicts sold expensive wigs at cheap prices.A car was allegedly stolen from the parking lot and another was broken into. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbhele said: “A case of theft of motor vehicle was opened at KwaMashu Police Station after a Toyota Corolla was stolen. Another case of theft out of a motor vehicle was opened for investigation.” She said they didn’t get any reports of stolen wigs but advised the victims to open cases. Festival spokeswoman Zaiboonissa Pheerbhay said: “We have not heard anything, even from the police. We had security guards everywhere around the venue to guard cars belonging to people who were attending the event.” Nyaope addicts now target women with Brazilian, Peruvian wigs 'I still remember what he smelled like' - Mathe victim Cassper offers R50K reward for missing chain These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More