ONLY three contestants took part in the Miss Gay 2017 beauty pageant at Babs Madlakane Hall in KwaNobuhle, Uitenhage. Even though they were the only participants at the event attended by less than 60 people, the queen and his two princesses oozed confidence. Queen Mncedisi Talaba (40) said the competition, organised by Intokazi and LoveLife, was not marketed properly. Mncedisi said gay people love to be spoiled by being fetched at home. “Many disappointed people from Addo and around town thought they’d be fetched by a fleet of posh cars from home. “Unfortunately, that did not happen and the turnout was poor. But we are not discouraged by the poor attendance. We will always be gay!”  Second princess, student Sinabo Dikana (22), said the competition made him relax. “People need to know more about gays, who must come out of those closets and be free.” He said gays needed to be clear with themselves about who they are, starting at home. If they aren’t accepted there, they won’t be able to express themselves in their community. “They may already be sidelined and treated differently at home and tell themselves residents will do the same. They fear how the community will react.” He said people were keen to take part but pulled out at the last minute. “At first, we were about 15. Some told us at the last minute they’re not coming,” he said. They made excuses about being busy. First princess Olwethu Mangcaka (25) said: “We will step up the plan next year.” Bishop Dag Heward-Mills was right, gays have no place in church – Prophet Bushiri Queen and Khethiwe reunite with Mfundi Vundla Go and write your Bible- Zahara blasts Somizi These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More