NOMINEES for the SA Hip Hop Awards were announced on Monday but not everyone was happy. A-Reece’s producer MashBeatz soon started slamming the awards on Twitter. He complained he wasn’t nominated for producer of the year despite submitting his track on time. Rashid Kay, one of the event organisers, said it appeared as if MashBeatz wanted to be nominated just for the sake of it and not based on merit. “The producers nominated in this category have more than one hit song. I know he produced A-Reece’s Paradise but that album was not nominated.” He said Gemini Major had produced more than four hit songs, which was why he made the cut. “Submissions for nominations were opened three months ago. I don’t know if people don’t read but the criteria and rules are on our website,” he said. “He submitted a song by La Sauce featuring Amanda Black titled I Do but it’s not a hip hop song.” Rashid said he didn’t understand why MashBeatz was so angry because it was clear from the start that his songs were not as strong as those of other producers. MashBeatz said he wanted to know why he wasn’t called and asked to submit another song if the one he had put forward didn’t meet the criteria. When asked about his Twitter posts, he said: “I cannot answer you. Do you have a paper and pen with you because I want you to write something? “First, f**k the hip hop awards, f**k the team behind the awards and f**k you!” When A-Reece was called for comment, his phone rang unanswered. I'm looking for a rapper who is not scared or rigid: DJ Cleo is hunting for new talent 10 facts you may not have known about Sfiso Ncwane AKA should consult Prophet Mboro These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More