These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More GABOLA church supporters came in their numbers to join up in Mangaung yesterday. As Bishop Tsietsi Makiti (52) opened the new branch, people took up membership, joyfully sang church songs and danced while holding bottles of booze. They welcomed the bishop into the Notice Tavern, where the service was being held. It was the church’s third branch to be opened since it was first launched in Orange Farm in the Vaal, Gauteng, two months ago. Rocklands residents, who said they were tired of being called drunkards arrived joyfully. Makiti said: “People who are going to be baptised will now be proud members. I’m using the beer they love to baptise them. “We as the Gabola church say no to church fees. Our mission is to collect those who other churches judge. “Everybody needs to have a relationship with God, but many don’t go to church because drinking is frowned upon.”  The bishop said they’d received a lot of invitations in Mangaung. “We will be back again in the next month or so to open more branches,” he said. Tavern owner Hazel Oliphant said: “I am happy it is the first tavern in the Free State to host this church. “We are going to have services every Sunday and invite everyone who likes their beer but also wants to hear the word of God.” Newly baptised Levo Lethuka (49) said: “I will never miss a church service again. “I am happy with the service and it is not about drinking. Psalm 106 also was read. I learnt a lot today.” More People Join Gabola Church Which Allows Members To Drink Beer!!! Go and write your Bible- Zahara blasts Somizi Somizi and all gays will go to hell - Bishop Dag Heward-Mills These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More