THE controversial church that allows its congregation to booze and worship at the same time is getting a huge cheer as more and more people line up to join. The church is spreading and new branches are being opened throughout Mzansi. Firstly story about Gabola Church in Orange Farm in the Vaal, Gauteng,was published two months ago. The church, which operates in a tavern, had 500 members at the time. Now people are pleading with the bishop and founder of the church to come and bless them. On Sunday, Gabola will be opening a congregation in Bloemfontein. Twenty new pastors and members will be baptised at Skoti Tavern in Rocklands.  Bishop Tsietsi Makiti (52) said  he was looking forward to expanding his church. “We’ve had a great response so far and the demand is getting bigger every day. “New members will be baptised with alcohol and be merry. They will be free to praise God and have their favourite drink at the same time. “Everyone is the same in God’s eyes. I will preach this until people believe it.” “It is not my dream to expand this church. It is by the will of the Almighty that this is happening. “Gabola will live for years and years and it will grow bigger and bigger.” God formed and leads ANC - ANCWL Drama as Nelspruit Catholic Priest and Sister were filmed bonking Bernard Parker 'gives his life to God' These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More