These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Singing sensation Paxton Fielies, 17, has won the coveted Idols SA 2017 title, becoming the youngest winner of the SA version of the competition’s history. The Grade 11 pupil, from Bishop Lavis, Cape Town, beat KwaZulu-Natal’s 25-year-old Mthokozisi Ndaba in what host Proverb described as a “unanimous” win. “You have no choice but to be a super star,” Idols SA judge Somizi said just a few minutes before Paxton was announced as Season 13’s winner. It was during the Cape Town auditions that Paxton was the first to get four big yeses to receive her golden ticket, sending her straight to theatre week. It was a long journey, and it ended beautifully for the teenager.  The teen walks away with a brand new Ford Focus, R1 000 000, in cash prize, R50 000 worth of a fashion voucher from Truworths, R20 000 of musical instrument from YAMAHA, and a recording deal.  How many men visit s.ex workers... and how many SA women work in the industry? PICS: The most expensive suburbs in Mzansi Kelly Khumalo - new ‘Idols SA’ judge These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More