Papa Penny, who has the most successful reality TV show in the country right now, is known for his funny comments on his show and on Twitter In a recent interview  the reality store explained the condom comment, he made on his show Papa Penny Ahee, which left people on social media in stitches. (sic) “She is my mother. She never killed me from the planet. If she was wrong she was supposed to kill me from the planet or she was supposed to put me in a condom and put me in the dustbin,” he said on the show. Papa Penny Penny responded to it saying that it was more of a celebration to his 91-year-old mother who has always looked out for him, showing appreciation for her having given birth to him.  The reality show star went on to say that his pony-tail celebrated woman, and consisted of three planets. (sic) “If you look at my pony tail, it’s got three planets, the first planet is our mother, the second planet is where we are now [Earth], number three you die.”  Papa Penny said He went on to add that we have to respect our mothers because they bring life into the world. (sic) “Mother is a planet because you can keep someone in the womb for 9 months and they come out alive,” Said the singer. I swear to God, I am Papa Penny’s son, says Somizi I never tried to claim Cassper; i don't buy children, I make them-  Penny Penny Cleaning toilets made Papa Penny Penny a 'stronger' man These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More