These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More JUDGE Jannie Eksteen yesterday showed no mercy to a man convicted of raping a mentally disabled woman. Nathan Fourie (29) of Bethelsdorp kasi, Nelson Mandela Bay, was sentenced to life in prison in the Port Elizabeth High Court for raping a 25-year-old woman with the intellectual capacity of a toddler. He was convicted on Tuesday for the crime committed last June, but was acquitted on a charge of assaulting the woman’s uncle after being caught with his pants pulled down shortly after the crime was committed. The woman was with her family celebrating her cousin’s birthday when the rape occurred. Nathan arrived uninvited and the family later noticed that the woman was not in the house. Relatives started looking for her and a family member heard screams coming from a half-built house nearby. The uncle then caught Nathan in the act. While sentencing Fourie, Judge Eksteen said: “According to a clinical psychologist, the victim suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.” Eksteen declared him unfit to work with children and ordered that his name be added to the national register of s_ex offenders. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More