These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More As Zimbabweans around the world celebrate the resignation of former president Robert Mugabe, SA dancer Zodwa Wabantu has u-turned on her decision to not perform in Zimbabwe until she had received a letter from the statesman. Zodwa said  she was overjoyed at the news of Mugabe’s resignation and immediately contacted her agent in Zimbabwe to plan a new tour in the country. “I am happy about the announcement and we are already planning to go to Zimbabwe. We are talking with our promoter to find dates and are in the process of coming up with something ,” she said. Zodwa announced last month that she had cancelled her recent Zimbabwe tour because she wanted a letter from Mugabe assuring her safety while in the country. Mugabe had earlier criticised Zodwa for not wearing panties while performing. Zodwa is already booked for gigs during the festive season but said she was working to clear her schedule for an entire weekend to perform in Zimbabwe. She hailed Mugabe’s resignation as the start of “a new independence day” for the country and congratulated its citizens. “I will be coming soon. I love all my fans there and they must celebrate as much as they want and uplift the country,” she added. Zodwa Wabantu wants to meet Robert Mugabe Zodwa Wabantu banned from entering Zimbabwe, and the reason is funny Zimbabwe women beat pots in protest against Mugabe caused hunger These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More