These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More WHEN a man busts his woman with another man, he usually beats the hell out of the two of them. But in Caiphus Melwa’s case, the tables were turned. When the 48-year-old husband allegedly found his wife (39) with a 28-year-old Ben 10, he was the one who was moered! Caiphus said he was driving around extension 12 in Kagiso, Gauteng on Saturday when he spotted his wife in someone else’s car. “At first I thought I was dreaming, but when I saw my wife sitting cosily in another man’s arms, I was angry and went to find out who he was.” When his wife spotted him coming, she jumped out the car and fled to her parents’ house nearby. The Ben 10 also fled. Caiphus said he followed his wife to get answers. But instead of an explanation, he got bumps and bruises all over, when he was allegedly attacked with knobkerries by his wife and her dad. Caiphus said he was injured on his head, hands and back and was bleeding heavily. “I was taken to hospital, where I was treated. “The next day, I went to open a case against my wife and her father.” The two were arrested and appeared in court on Monday. Caiphus said he had long suspected that his wife was cheating on him but he didn’t have any proof. He said he was still in pain and wanted the two to rot in jail. “They had no right to assault me.” Captain Solomon Sibiya confirmed that a 60-year-old suspect and his daughter were arrested after a case of assault was opened at Kagiso Police Station. They will appear in court again on Monday. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More