These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The couple are reportedly worth millions, and both are juggling several big endorsement deals. It seems everything AKA and Bonang touch turns to gold. But are they SA’s richest celebrity power couple? Here’s a look at how much money they make and how they spend it!   Brand ambassadors Bonang became a brand ambassador for two big companies, Ipanema – a popular Brazilian shoe brand – and Cell C South Africa. While it is unknown how much Ipanema paid her for the endorsement, Cell C is reportedly paying Queen B a whopping R3 million. Queen B also has her own lingerie line, ‘Bonang for Distraction’, and is the face of Revlon SA. She also her own mobile content app, and an emoji pack called ‘BiMoji’. AKA is not doing too badly himself. Cruz Vodka is paying the rapper a whopping R8 million to be part of their campaign. He also reportedly signed a seven-figure deal with shoe giant, Reebok, in August.   Expensive tastes AKA and Bonang are known for showing off their wealth on social media. They both have expensive tastes, and aside from their homes, have spent a lot of moola buying luxury cars. AKA drives a BMWi8, which sells for over R1,3 million, and also owns a BMW X6. Bonang owns at least two Mercedes-Benz AMG rides, a G-Class AMG63 and CLA45. Together they have more than R3 million worth of cars in their driveways. Bonang, who spent R500 000 on her 30th birthday, is also known for forking out thousands on designer shoes like Christian Louboutin. Five-star holidays  They work hard, and they play hard! Bonang and AKA enjoy travelling to exotic locations together, and when they do, they spare no expense. Earlier this year, the couple spent some downtime in Thailand, and reportedly spent over R100 000 on the trip. They splashed out on business class tickets, expensive shopping sprees and five-star accommodation. They have also been to Paris and LA together.  Appearance fees Their brand power means they can ask for big bucks when making appearances. Bonang has been known to charge R40 000 an hour to MC at an event – and that was in 2015! AKA’s services also come with a big price tag. He reportedly charges between R90 000 to R100 000 per gig! Millions of followers Without their fans, Queen B and Supa Mega would not be worth as much. Bonang currently has 1,7 million Instagram followers while AKA has 1,2 million. They both have more than two million followers each on Twitter. Their influence could see them earning tens of thousands for one post on social media!  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More