Johannesburg – President Jacob Zuma is ready to hand the baton to the next incoming ANC president. Zuma said he was ready to leave his post as the head of the party happily, he remarked during an Oliver Tambo lecture at Kagiso, west of Johannesburg, on Sunday. Speaking to ANC supporters, Zuma said he will have time to talk frankly to branches. “I will have time to talk to branches in whatever way I want. I am very happy that I am leaving my position in December,” he said. Zuma arrived three hours late to the ANC event. He was welcomed by ANC supporters who sang his praises as he arrived. ANC members had on t-shirts before his arrival with the face of presidential hopeful Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. The turnout at the event, however, was underwhelming as many had to be bused in from other areas along the West Rand. Zuma said he was not pleased with some ANC leaders who had spoken at several events that were held in honour of Tambo across the country. “Some used this opportunity to attack the organisation and other leaders. They acted like they knew Tambo, some even said there is no longer a good leadership in the party.” Reacting to his detractors, Zuma said that after the December elective conference he will have a chance to deal with those who spoke ill of him. “As a president, I have to uphold the values of the ANC. I have to maintain a certain standard, but after December, when someone insults me, I will have an opportunity to talk back. At conferences, I will be an ordinary delegate like everyone else.” Zuma explained that he was not campaigning this year because he was ready to leave. “I am not leaving the ANC. I am leaving as president,” he explained. It’s not ANC policy for a deputy president to ascend to the highest office- Zuma Zuma blasts 'expired' ANC veterans Opposition parties offering voters ‘hot air’ – Zuma These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More