These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More ACCORDING to social media, Alfred Ntombela has died again! However, in real life the legendary actor is alive and kicking. He said he wasn’t worried by the latest rumour on Facebook that he had died in a car crash – again! Alfred (45), from Krugersdorp in Mogale City, believes the posts have been placed by his sour former fiancee. “I broke up with her nine months ago and have since been getting strange calls that I will be involved in a car crash and my job will end,” said Alfred. He said his ex is angry because he is demanding about R80 000 that he spent on her and her child. He said: “She cheated on me. I raised a child that wasn’t mine for six years. “I recently discovered through a paternity test that the child isn’t mine. “I want my lobola back and the money I spent raising the child.” Alfred, who shot to fame for his roles in movies by Leon Schuster, said their problems started when his ex brought a sangoma to his house. “The sangoma buried a live chicken in the yard and told me that it was meant to protect me and my house from evil. “A few days later my girlfriend told me that she was pregnant and we were happy. “Later on I started suspecting that she was cheating on me. She lived in a house I bought in Thokoza after I moved to Krugersdorp. “I’ve given her R2 800 a month since the child was born in September 2011. “I am done with her. I just want her to pay back the money. I’ve moved on and have married again,” he said. The woman refused to speak to the press. “I don’t want to talk to the media and I don’t know that Alfred anymore,” she said, before dropping the call. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More