 STIs are among the most common diseases in the world, and according to the University of Maryland Medical Centre there are more than 20 types of s_exually transmitted diseases. It’s impossible to determine how many people worldwide have STIs, but it is estimated that more than 13 million Americans are affected every year. Most of us are familiar with HIV/Aids and diseases like syphilis, gonorrhoea and chlamydia, but these are only the tip of the iceberg, and there are many others we’ve never even heard of. Here are eight lesser-known sexually transmitted diseases: 1. Infectious mononucleosis This disease, also known as “mono”, is commonly caused by the Epstein-Barr virus. In children mono mostly causes no symptoms, but in young adults it can cause sore throat, fever, enlarged lymph nodes in the neck, and extreme fatigue. The condition lasts up to four weeks, but tiredness may continue for months. Infectious mononucleosis is mainly spread by saliva, hence the name “kissing disease”. There is no vaccine for the disease and it generally gets better on its own. 2. Lymphogranuloma venereum The bacteria Chlamydia trachomatis usually cause chlamydia, but they can also cause a completely separate STD called lymphogranuloma venereum (LGV). LGV is most common in tropical regions and is basically an infection of lymph nodes and lymphatics around the genital and anal area. Patients may have tender lymph nodes in the groin, preceded by a genital ulcer. Patients with HIV may have rectal or anal inflammation with pain around the area. Diagnosis is made by means of a blood test. GV is normally treated with a three-week course of antibiotics (doxycycline).    QUIZ: Know your Sexually Transmitted Infections 4 STDs Your Partner Might Already Have Without Knowing With Secret Symptoms The 6 Most Common STDs Symptoms That You Might Not See These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More