These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Twitter was once again ablaze on Sunday after a bride and groom on Our Perfect Wedding came under the spotlight for the 15-year age gap between them. Large age gaps in relationships have been a hot topic recently, with Dineo Ranaka defending such relationships in a social media post last month. The debate once again surfaced on Sunday when Winny and Zweli Nxumalo tied the knot, with Winny’s family concerned about the age difference between the bride and groom. Fans of the show were also shocked at the age difference and, in typical Mzansi style, responded on social media with hilarious memes and message. Others believed that the couple should be left alone and not be judged. Others were saying her family is crying about a 15 year age difference. They should ask Mugabe. He did 41! Bride-To-Be Dashes Out Of Church Wedding Service After Discovering Groom Did Not Work In A Diamond Company Exes spit venom during wedding photo shoot WATCH: Who's Your Money On? Fans Divided As Idols SA Heads For Finale!!!!!!! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More