These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Cape Town – Local entertainer Skolopad debuted her latest botanical inspired look and the internet is buzzing. Skolopad says the inspiration for the ensemble was “the richness of summer.” And that the brown and gold tight-fitting leotard resembles a bee. “It’s a time of the bees, flowers blossom, fruits start to grow from the trees. My colours are brown and gold not black and yellow. Brown and gold like a bee to pollenate the nation, those with allergies must just be strong,” she says. She adds: “I wanted to inspire the community to remember the basics and do what is necessary to survive. Food comes from the soul remember that.” In a series of photos Skolopad showcases her look while posing in nature, with a garden fork. Local fashion house Monadicious Fashion designed the outfit, and did the photoshoot.    Pics: Queen Skolopad Mistakenly Shows Punani In Pictures Skolopad offers herself to Euphonik Was Bonang’s outfit inspired by Skolopad? These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More