These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More As the latest season of popular TV music reality show Idols SA draws to an end, fans of the show have taken to social media to debate why their favourite should win. This year will see 17-year-old Paxton Fielies go up against Mthokozisi Ndaba for the title. Both contestants were fan favourites throughout the season and once again split Twitter on Sunday after a series of show-stopping performances. #IdolsSA Paxton #AmericanBoy pic.twitter.com/OvC2yyFnVV — Mr P (@PascalLubelwe) November 12, 2017    Fans of Mthokozisi streamed onto social media to predict he would win the season with his performances. Some even suggested that hit producer Robbie Malinga was waiting in the wings to snap up the Durban-born star. #IdolsSA Mthokozisi pic.twitter.com/e0Ym4vIWCW — Mr P (@PascalLubelwe) November 12, 2017  'I won't change for anyone' - Penny Penny hits back at 'broken' English debate Kelly Khumalo - new ‘Idols SA’ judge Top 10: Cassper Nyovest crowned king of SA hip hop, again These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More