These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A PROFESSIONAL body painter decided to test how good she was by painting clothes on a naked woman and getting her to walk through a mall. Watch the video   She and her daughter spent three hours carefully painting jeans and a top onto a model. Then they set her loose in a mall, wearing nothing but nipple pasties, a thong, a hat and scarf to see if anyone would notice. Writing on Bored Panda, Jen said: “We walked through the mall to see whether people would react. It got pretty interesting.” "He failed to draw my size; " Zille reacts to Kunene's naked drawing Elderly woman stripped naked at mall Watch: ‘Fake’ Justin Bieber causes chaos at Sandton mall These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More