From simple social media gaffes to outright accusations of assault, the stars on this list have a lot of work to do if they want to make up for their mistakes to the public. Arthur’s assault on his girlfriend, Cici, has been one of the biggest talking topics of 2017. Although she has recovered, she now admits dating the Kwaito legend was a mistake.  Arthur Mafokate and Cici . Emtee’s disgraceful moment came as recently as this week when he accidentally showed his private parts live on social media.  Hip hop star Emtee. Mdu Masilela’s actions have become increasingly worrying. In October, his baby mama shared images of her injuries after he had allegedly beaten her.  Mdu Masilela. Image via Twitter. Zola 7 is another Kwaito star who was accused of being physically abusive after his wife reportedly opened a case of assault against him.  Bonginkosi Dlamini, better known as Zola 7, on October 30, 2012 in Johannesburg. Picture: Gallo Image   Legendary football star, Marks Maponyane was found guilty of assaulting his wife in August of this year. His son, Maps, expressed his disappointment in a cryptic tweet.  Marks Maponyane.Photo by Lee Warren / Gallo Images Kwaito star, Brickz, was sentenced to 15 years in prison after being found guilty of the rape of his niece. Ntsiki Mazwai also came out and accused the musician of raping her several years prior to his sentencing.  Kwaito musician Sipho Charles Ndlovu leaves the Roodepoort Magistrate’s Court on Thursday, 26 June 2014 where he appeared in connection wtih the rape of a 17-year-old girl. Picture: Werner Beukes/SAPA Local fashion designer Khosi Nkosi, was accused of stealing concepts from an up-and-coming local designer. Although the controversy will most likely die down, this was a moment of shame for the brand. "Shut up, Malema!" : Arthur Mafokate Fame killed my life - Date My Family's Mdu Nyoni PICS: The life and times of Mandoza These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More