These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More GABOLA Church founder Bishop Tsietsi Makiti is under fire. He is being criticised for founding his church on one part of the Bible instead of the whole book. “Members of other churches keep criticising me but that was expected,” said Bishop Makiti of the Gabola Church in Orange Farm, south of Joburg. According to the bishop, the critics base their argument on John 2: verses 1-11, which outlined how Jesus changed water into wine. But the bishop said his church is still standing because of God’s grace and blessing. “The Almighty likes what we are doing. “We read the Bible at our services and we focus on all the chapters because they are all important. “We are growing every day because the church helps vulnerable people who want to hear the Word of God.” Makiti said although he is open to criticism, he will never change the way the church is run. “Criticism can build but sometimes it destroys. “People must remember that I am sent by God to be the voice of the voiceless. “Gabola was created to minister to the people who were treated like outcasts by other churches. “Unlike other churches, we do not give our members dangerous things to eat and drink. “We do not discriminate against boozers because this is their church.” The bishop said his church is not after money. “At Gabola we do not ask people to give us money. “Our members use their money to buy booze. “Sometimes people give away their money to churches even though they are poor.” On Sunday Makiti opened another branch at Pinky’s Tavern in Evaton. Somizi storms out of Grace Bible Church over homosexuality remarks Somizi and all gays will go to hell - Bishop Dag Heward-Mills Bishop Hamilton Nala sells miracle "anointed"pens to help students pass exams These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More