These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  A couple that experiences new things together has a far better chance of having a closer bond than those that don’t. Massages are relaxing, therapeutic and why wouldn’t want to share that with your significant other? Because many spas design their couple treatments with romance in mind, you’re sure to leave the room loving each other even more. According to family and marriage therapist, during a massage you’re most likely to forget about the past, the future and just live in the moment.    10 Fun S.ex Games to Play with Your Lover in Bed How to Make a Relationship Last: 19 Love Commandments 7 Signs You’re In A Really Strong Relationship These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More