These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Entertainer Zodwa Wabantu has posted yet another video of herself doing her signature moves and shared what she has managed to achieve with the money she gets from her gigs. The entertainer has previously said she was not oblivious to the fact that her fame could fade with time, hence she charges as much as she can now and do what she might not be able to do without the cash. Zodwa says she doesn’t “slay”. “I make money moves,” she added. She will not spend her money on clothes or “slay” with it either. With it, she has managed to buy a house cash, without loaning money from any bank. “I have a house with my money. Three bedrooms, dining room, kitchen, bathroom and garage. Mine not renting. No bank, cash. We slay differently,” she said. See the pictures:    Screenshots: Zodwa  Wabantu was asked to lie by a businessman'! ‘I Won't Wear A Panty For Mugabe’ - Zodwa Wabantu 'I'm a normal mother at home' - Zodwa opens up about raising her son These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More