 I’ve made some mistakes…
Both genders are known to play very specific roles in their own lives and in the lives of other people. For men, they are known to be fathers, sons, brothers, and protectors. While a lot of men are expected to give into the patriarchal expectations that society sets for them, this isn’t always going to be a good thing. A lot of men can get carried away with their “roles” and it can make for a very toxic and misogynistic relationship experience for the women. So that’s why it would be in the best interest of the ladies to avoid dating men who espouse these particular roles: 1. The Dad Imagine dating your dad. Disgusting, right? That’s essentially the guy you’re dating when you choose to fall in love with The Dad. He is going to want to limit your freedoms as much as possible – even though he says he’s doing it out of love. While usually, your boyfriend should share a romantic love with you, The Dad’s love is more paternal in nature. So unless you’re comfortable with dating a person who is going to remind you of your father, it would be best for you to just steer clear from dating The Dad.    6 Things That Men Love About Their Women Aside From Their Appearance How Men Fall in Love – The Seven Stages of Love 9 Things About Deep Women That Men Can’t Keep Up With These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More