These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More QHOKAMA Village residents cornered a man allegedly trying to rape his own gogo! He was handed over to the police unharmed. The incident happened in Ngqeleni, Eastern Cape on Sunday afternoon. The 26-year-old man reportedly made unwanted sexual advances toward his 90-year-old gogo and his gogo’s daughter-in-law. The daughter-in-law raced out of the house and alerted neighbours. The shocked villagers apparently found the suspect on top of the gogo, attempting to force himself upon her. They rescued the gogo and called the cops. Mthatha police spokeswoman Captain Dineo Koena said: “The suspect violated a protection order against him. His family filed a case a while back after the same man was accused of attempting to rape the gogo.” Koena said the man was not allowed to set foot in that house. “A case of attempted rape and breach of a protection order have been opened.” Ward 28 councillor Fudumele Gaxeni said that they suspect that the suspect is hooked on drugs. “On top of this, the Ngqeleni area has been hit by unusual crime-related incidents lately. “We suspect there’s a drug dealer operating in our area.” The incident happened a day after the launch of the annual 16 Days of Activism for No Violence Against Women and Children campaign on Saturday. According to the latest crime statistics released by the police, 39 828 rapes were recorded in 2016/17. The Eastern Cape recorded a ratio of 105,3 per 100 000 people, the highest compared to other provinces. Horny man burns mother's house for failing to provide brothel money 'Kak' smell killed 77 year old man Limpopo 'tired' rapist arrested after falling asleep in victim’s home These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More