These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Dr Malinga has come out to shed light on why most of his December tracks follow a similar theme of evading sleep to party or to make money, explaining that it symbolises his hardworking trait. Malinga  said at first he didn’t realise it had become a “habit” to sing about a lack of sleep, but admitted that he’s made it his own. “I am a hard worker and to be honest I don’t sleep as much as I should. I didn’t even realise initially that my hits have that recurring theme but it’s fine because who is going to achieve things like Lingas entertainment, Lingas water or Trackzone if I am busy sleeping?” In 2015 he released Akulalwa with DJ Shimza, 2016 Akulaleki featuring Trademark. and now still sticking to his favourite theme he’s released Angilalanga Izolo ft. Josta. They mean, ‘We ain’t sleeping’, ‘We can’t sleep’ and ‘I didn’t sleep last night’ respectively.  Dr Malinga said he made peace with not sleeping as much as he’d like to. “There’s so much work to be done and so many things to achieve. I will sleep when I am dead!” said Dr Malinga. And to prove his point, Dr Malinga has been hard at work cooking up a track with Limpopo artist, King Monada of Moreki fame.  Dr Malinga said that it was inevitable to ignore Monada’s super star qualities and upon meeting him on one of his many trips to Limpopo, he suggested they do something together. “He’s a brilliant young man who released a hit that really impressed me. Moreki was really huge and Monada is a big deal, not only in Limpopo but in SA as well. So it only made sense for us to work together and the song we created is another December hit. We making everyone ‘Cancel’ their plans to join us.” Horny Single Men Bonk Our Wives- Ekurhuleni mans cries AKA gave me sleepless nights - Cassper Nyovest Somizi is 44, but sleeps with much younger men: Gareth Cliff These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More