These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More International actor and model, Tyrese Gibson is currently in Jozi on a #SouthAfricanEscape with his wife, Samantha Gibson. Of course, Tyrese could use some downtime to recover from that epic social media meltdown that the world witnessed earlier this month. And who better to visit for some much needed love and motivation, than our very own queen, mama Winnie Madikizela-Mandela. This is Tyrese’s third visit to Mzansi just to see our beloved Winnie. “Winnie Mandela is 80 years young and completely beautiful – grace love and blessed!!! She keeps kissing me and telling me she miss me and welcome home,” said Tyrese on Instagram. The Fast & Furious actor is so loved by mama Winnie that she even gave him a kiss. “To kiss the lips of a revolutionary Mother Winnie Mandela Africa we love You and appreciate more than you could ever imagine for the love and warm embrace you made me and my wife feel MOST welcome thank you Mother see you soon!! and I wanted to leave you with some love Too,” Tyrese gushed on Instagram. “Malema deserves my support”: Winnie Madikizela – Mandela ANC needs whole new leadership - Winnie Madikizela-Mandela South Africans must vote for ANC as thanksgiving -Winnie Madikizela-Mandela These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More