Mayor of eThekwini Zandile Gumede has been highly criticised on social media following her invitation to a Babes Wodumo and Nasty C sendoff breakfast set to take place on Wednesday.An invitation that has been doing the rounds reads: Her Worship The Mayor of eThewkini [cic], Cllr Zandile Gumede invites you [to] the Mayoral Send Off Breakfast in honour of Babes Wodumo &amp; Nasty C to the BET Awards. It is unclear if the invitation, shared on Twitter by eNCA journalist Xoli Mngambi, is real.[PRIORITIES] In the middle of a recession and a lack of cancer machines at public hospitals in #eThekwini. pic.twitter.com/yviGVtW9tm&mdash; Xoli Mngambi (@XoliMngambi) June 12, 2017The two, along with AKA, have been nominated for the 2017 BET Awards, and will be representing the country for the Best International Act: Africa. They will be going against Nigerians Wizkid, Mr Eazi, Tekno and Davido and Ghanaian Stonebwoy.The awards, set to take place on June 22-25 in Los Angeles, will be broadcast across Africa on BET (DSTV channel 129) on June 27 at 8pm.Before Nasty C and Babes Wodumo take off, the mayor thought it would be a great idea to host a sendoff party, presumably using taxpayers money. Twitter was not impressed with this.These were some of the reactions: Shocking. And then she cannot even spell Wodumo right. But this is the same Mayor that gave everyone in Council framed pics of herself. Wasteful and fruitless expenditure! Leadership. Breakfast remains THE most important meal of the day and her Worship MUST eat. It s shocking how these low level minded people end up gov officials. It s a nation that rewards retards and embraces crooks. So when she comes back they will throw them another party. This Mayor should be fired, she can t do this. How about informal settlements. Wait until we find out the amount splashed for this stupid and useless event. Even Midvaal Mayor Bongani Baloyi commented on the invitation that has been doing the rounds, lamenting how Babes Wodumo seemed to come first.But for Baloyi, the framed photos of herself still took the trophy.The mayor lit up Twitter in December last year after giving her staff Christmas gift packs with her framed picture inside.While most find the gesture funny, some said she was framed , further saying, like former SABC board chairperson Mbulaheni Maguvhe, she was not aware of the unusual gift.The Mayor of Durban Metro gave everyone a Christmas gift pack with her very own framed picture inside Oh dear Mayor Zandile Gumede &quot;Dead&quot; pic.twitter.com/zqE6wYYhfT&mdash; Jane Sithole (@moloisrj) December 14, 2016There were already doubts about whether she would serve until her term ends in 2021, as she had already started spending people s money on useless things .