Coming up on Uzalo this June 2017:Thursday 1 June 2017 Episode 84 Pastor Mdletshe learns that Mxolisi has gone under cover to expose Nkunzi. Thobile confronts Mbhekiseni demanding he admits to raping her. Mastermind discovers his gun is missing. Nkunzi confronts Mxolisi for his failure to kill Mastermind.Friday 2 June 2017 Episode 85MaMlambo is horrified as Mbhekiseni bleeds out and Thobile is arrested. MaNzuza confronts Pastor Mdletshe with her suspicions that he is hiding something from her. Mxolisi is in trouble with Nkunzi for not killing Mondli.Monday 5 June 2017 Episode 86 Thobile s bail hearing is today and there are mixed emotions all round. Mxolisi is fearful of Nkunzi s response when he introduces him to the undercover cop. Pastor Mdletshe, Manzuza and the board are unsure if the church can survive the Sunday School scandal.Tuesday 6 June 2017 Episode 87 Mondli sets up a wire for Nkunzi. Mxolisi is frustrated because Nkunzi is not sharing information on their next job. Mastermind fumes that the lawyer couldn t bail out Thobile. MaNgcobo advises Nosipho to rekindle the spark between her and Mondli and Nosipho goes to the salon to prepare for a hot date with Mondli.Wednesday 7 June 2017 Episode 88 Mxolisi puts his life on the line for the sake of getting Nkunzi behind bars. Mastermind gets suspicious about Mxolisi s actions around Nkunzi. MaMlambo is prepared to take a bullet for love. Smangele loses it with the church and MaNzuza s attitude towards saving Thobile.Thursday 8 June 2017 Episode 89 Mxolisi has made a decision: he will wear the wire and try to implicate Nkunzi. The community waits in suspense as Thobile s sentencing is today and it s not looking good. Nosipho struggles to find a connection with Mondli who seems to be avoiding her.Friday 9 June 2017 Episode 90 Mondli comes home to find a big surprise waiting for him. Mxolisi is put in a tight corner. GC and Sma struggle to accept that Thobile is gone. Mbhekiseni asks MaMlambo to marry him. A young girl comes to the police station with a startling revelation.&nbsp;