The sad truth of life is that change can still come even when we don t want it to. In relationships, nothing is ever set in stone.The sad truth of life is that change can still come even when we don t want it to. In relationships, nothing is ever set in stone. You can never be certain of what tomorrow will bring. It only takes a moment for everything to come crumbling down all around you, and there s nothing you can do about it.There have been many instances with relationships that come to a screeching halt because of changed feelings and altered emotions. A seemingly happy couple today could see the end of their relationship after a week. The reason for that is because feelings are never permanent. People change, and that s the very nature of life.If you just so happen to be caught in a relationship wherein you feel like changes are coming and you don t like it, then it s a good time for you to reexamine your union. There is a good chance that your partner may be falling out of love with you. While this can be a heartbreaking experience, it would help the healing process if you just accept it and move on as early as you can. The more you try to force a relationship wherein love is one-sided, you might be perpetuating feelings of resentment and hatred. You never want things to become as toxic as they already are.Of course there are some signs that you can heed to know if your partner is truly falling out of love with you. The moment you start noticing these signs, the best course of action would be to talk things out with your partner. There are few things that good and open communication can t fix. Just make sure to approach things with an open mind and an open heart. If you see your partner exhibiting some of these signs, then it would be best for you to act swiftly.Back in the good old days, your partner would always make it a point to make you feel loved and appreciated as much as possible.They would ve jumped at any opportunity to put a smile on your face and make your heart feel warm.&nbsp;