Mpumalanga African National Congres (ANC) Premier David Mabuza has joined a list of people who have come out saying the ANC would be better if EFF leader Julius Malema were still in the party.Speaking at the ANCYL provincial general council in Mbombela on Sunday, Mabuza said he would be going after EFF leader Julius Malema to try to bring him back to the ruling party.The premier said everyone who was still in the ANC had torn it apart, and it things got worse when people left it, saying it could only get better if everyone returned. I still think that if we had him within the rank, the ANC could be better. We can live together, we re not a homogenous group. We ve got different personalities, but we re stronger when all of them are within the ANC.INSTANT PERSONAL LOANS!!! Click HERE to fill in form and get fast approval (South Africa Only) We re weaker when people leave the ANC. He must expect me, I m coming I m coming, and I m not afraid of him, he knows. It s about the country, it s about our country, our beloved country. I think we ve torn it apart, all of us, so probably it s high time that we must change the way we do things, he said.Watch the video below posted on Twitter by Mweli Masilela:Watch Mpumalanga ANC chair DD Mabuza say @MYANC would be better if @Julius_S_Malema was still in the ranks of the ruling party. #sabcnews pic.twitter.com/MWzCRdgtKo&mdash; Mweli Masilela (@mwelimasilela) March 12, 2017Last year, the ANC branch in Limpopo made calls for Luthuli House to set aside Malema s expulsion.Chairperson Boy Mamabolo confirmed to MzansiLive that his branch had, at a meeting, resolved Malema should be reinstated to the ANC because he was a good leader . He said the branch would write a letter to ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe after engaging Malema.INSTANT CAR LOANS!!!- Click HERE to fill in form and get fast approval (South Africa Only) It was a big mistake. That guy is a good mobiliser and a leader by birth, he said.Even the ANCYL called for the EFF leader to be brought back into the ruling party following the party s dismal performance in the local government elections in August last year.The league s Gauteng chairperson, Matome Chiloane, told MzansiLive that the ANC needed the firebrand leader to come home . Malema has not made any public response to calls by ANC in Mpumalanga to get him back to the ruling party.The EFF leader was expelled in 2012 for allegedly sowing division and bringing the party into disrepute.&nbsp;