These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  Relationships are fragile. Even the strongest of relationships, at times, can get shattered. Many internal and external factors are responsible for breakups and ruined relationships. Most of the time, both the partners don’t even understand what went wrong. After a breakup or after a serious fight, many such questions keep on buzzing in the heads of both the partners: ‘Why did this happen?’ ‘What did I do wrong?’ ‘What did just happen?’ ‘What went wrong?’ We need to take responsibility of our actions, attitudes and behaviours. We must identify what went wrong. We can only learn from our mistakes once we identify them. Let’s have a look at the most common mistakes that can destroy a perfect relationship. Try to avoid these relationship traps to save your relationship and make your marriage a success. We all dream of an ideal life partner. But the fact of life is – no one is perfect. It is not always possible that our life partner comes up to all our expectations perfectly. Criticising him/her for not doing certain things or for not doing a thing in a certain way is a big mistake, a mistake we make more than we should. Instead of appreciating their efforts, we keep on criticising them consciously and unconsciously in routine life. Alternatively: We must acknowledge and appreciate efforts of our life partner. We need to compromise on some things in our daily lives in order to save our relationships.    6 Things That Can Ruin a Perfectly Good Relationship 5 Signs You’re In Love With the Wrong Person How to Make a Relationship Last: 19 Love Commandments These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More