 Men, do you agree? In truth, there are some universally accepted standards of what people generally find disgusting. However, there are also some very gender-specific standards of disgust that you may not know about. There is no denying that men and women are always going to be separated by some sort of philosophical wall. That’s the very reason they tend to always take very dissimilar outlooks on life. This is also the reason why men and women often engage in a lot of misunderstandings. What is obvious to one gender may not necessarily be so obvious to the other. There are some things that women do which they truly deem to be innocent acts. However, in the eyes of a lot of men, these sins can be downright cardinal. Men find a lot of seemingly “normal” things that women do absolutely disgusting, and women need to know about it if they’re looking to win over a man’s affection. You don’t necessarily have to change who you are if you want a man to be attracted to you, but you are going to have to tone down a little at the very least. Hair on the arms. Hair in the armpits. Hair on the legs. To a lot of men, this just doesn’t look good. If you always expect our man to maintain a clean and well-groomed face, then you have to do the same with your body as well.    Eight Reasons Why Women Don't Make The First Move 6 Things That Men Love About Their Women Aside From Their Appearance These are the 10 things women apparently find unattractive in men These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More