She s one of the country s most glamorous thespians. What s more, she is known for her business savvy as celebrity wedding planner and her talents as TV actress. Here are some facts that you don t know about popular TV actress, Sophie Ndaba:She believes in prayer I observe the 21-day Daniel fast almost every year. And, in between, I will find time to consecrate myself and have a period of fasting now and again.She s quite musical I pretend I know how to play the piano but I don t. My son has a keyboard and, now and again, I steal it so I can play a few chords. I did a few music lessons growing up but I didn t follow through.She had her first kiss at the age of 16 It was with my first-born daughter s father. I didn t know I could kiss.She s excessively pedantic about her beauty routine. I go to the steam room at the gym once a week. I mask my face every fortnight with avocado and lemon juice. I do it myself. What s more, I drink a lot of lemon water.She believes in flirting. I think it s healthy. I don t think there s anything wrong with it. It depends on how far you take it. You can do it for fun, taking into consideration your relationship status at the time.In her mind she s flirting with I m flirting with my person. He ll remain nameless for now. We are building right now so I don t want cracks in this thing. So I can t name him yet.I can t go a day without . . . My phone, Samsung J7.Kenny G or Kirk Whalum Now you tell me. You can t make me choose. I love both Kenny and Kirk.IOS or Android Definitely Android! You have to be savvy to navigate IOS.Red or white wine I d say red but nothing in alcohol is healthy. We humans drink because it s the done thing. Si thandi zinto (we love things). But red wine is better in my opinion.Everything in moderation but Avocados and ice cream. I love fruits, especially avocados. I also love ice cream. Those two are always in my fridge.Her childhood celebrity crush is Malik Yoba from New York Undercover I used to like Denzel Washington as well.