The month of February has seen South African talking about land arguably more than any other time since the dawn of democracy.It s a scene of two opposing views one that wants to expropriate land without compensation, and another that seeks to prohibit this (currently) unconstitutional act.This has come to the boil after the EFF s motion to change the constitution to allow expropriation of land without compensation failed. Section 25 of the constitution prohibits expropriation of land without compensation. The EFF s motion failed after the ANC in parliament reiterated that expropriating land without compensation remains unconstitutional.However, this did not stop Esethu Hasane, a media liaison officer in the ministry of sport and recreation, from dishing out his aspiration on what he would do should the land be expropriated.The controversial and outspoken member of Fikile Mbalula s ministry says he will take it all the way to the mountaintop Table Mountain s top, that is to build a shack, and then invite the Democratic Alliance (DA) and AfriForum for high tea . This, he says, is because he wants a great view of all land thieves being removed from the land they stole . When Pres Zuma signs the Land Expropriation act I will move on top of Table Mountain, built [sic] a shack and invite DA and AfriForum for High Tea. I don t want to fight with y all. I want to have a great view of all land thieves being removed from the land they stole from my shack. When Pres Zuma signs the Land Expropriation act I will move on top of Table Mountain, built a shack and invite DA and AfriForum for High Tea pic.twitter.com/9Yc3Gx95vw&mdash; think different (@EsethuHasane) March 5, 2017Hasane was in the news last week for a controversial tweet in which he asked God to find another way of punishing white people that allowing drought in the Western Cape. That s because black people are also suffering. Only Western Cape still has dry dams. Please God, we have black people there, choose another way of punishing white people, wrote Hasane, to the DA and AfriForum calling his tweet racist in response.The DA and AfriForum called on the media man to be sacked, but that didn t happen.