These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Stretch marks are scars that appear on your skin due to sudden changes in body size. This usually happens during pregnancy, rapid weight gain or loss, and puberty. However, stretch marks are not caused only by overstretching of skin. Certain factors, such as a genetic predisposition, can increase your likelihood of developing stretch marks. Nevertheless, you can take some preventive steps to try to avoid this problem. The best course of action is to keep your skin healthy and hydrated to improve its elasticity. There are many additional steps you can take to minimize the chances of such marks appearing. Here are the top 10 tips to help prevent stretch marks. Using coconut oil is perhaps the best natural way to keep your skin moisturized. If you do not have coconut oil, you can use olive oil, cocoa butter, shea butter, avocado oil, emu oil, or just some baby oil. Expectant mothers often are advised to use castor oil to prevent stretch marks. People have used castor oil to prevent and reduce fine lines, winkles, spots, blemishes, and other skin problems for ages. It works as a humectant, helping your skin retain moisture. If you want to thin the oil, combine one tablespoon of castor oil with two tablespoons of sweet almond oil and then apply the mixture. Drinking plenty of water throughout the day will help keep your skin hydrated. This keeps your skin supple and helps maintain elasticity, thereby making your skin layers less prone to tearing. For best results, drink at least two liters of water each day. Eat a balanced and nutritious diet that is rich in vitamins C and E, zinc, silica, and other nutrients to nourish your skin. Vitamin C, in particular, is essential for regenerating connective tissue. Minerals like zinc and silica are also useful, as zinc helps in collagen synthesis and silica helps produce collagen. So, include a variety of foods such as strawberries, blueberries, spinach, carrots, green beans, collard greens, nuts and seeds in your diet. Vitamin E is a powerful antioxidant that protects the collagen fibers in your skin from damage due to free radicals. This keeps the collagen fibers strong and promotes skin elasticity To get the maximum benefit, eat foods high in vitamin E (almonds, olives, sunflower seeds, spinach, avocados, pumpkins, etc.) and massage your skin with vitamin E oil or cream several times a day. You can take vitamin E oral supplements as well. You can create some interesting oil blends by combining different essential and base oils and using them to moisturize your skin. Dry brushing is great for your skin in many ways. It exfoliates the skin, opening the pores and removing the buildup of dead skin cells and dirt. This, in turn, helps the skin absorb moisturizing oils, creams, and lotions better. Dry brushing also stimulates circulation and helps mobilize fats and eliminate toxins. As the name suggests, dry brushing must be done on dry and not wet skin. When purchasing the brush, opt for one that has a long handle so you can use it easily on hard-to-reach areas. You can find them in the bath section of any department store and in many drug stores. If you are working hard to lose some extra pounds, it is best not to lose more than one pound a week as rapid weight loss can leave you with ugly stretch marks. Similarly, rapid weight gain also can lead to stretch marks. For example, they can appear during pregnancy or intense workouts to build muscles in a short amount of time. It is normal to gain about 22 to 28 pounds during pregnancy, but women should be careful about “eating for two” so as not to gain more weight than is necessary to support the baby’s development. As for muscle building, stretch marks are more likely to appear when you lift heavy weights with low reps to bulk up quickly. So, to prevent stretch marks, build lean muscle mass by using moderately heavy weights and increasing the reps. Regular, moderate exercise promotes circulation, which in turn nourishes the skin cells. Also, it tones the muscles and improves skin elasticity. Furthermore, regular exercise helps regulate hormones and induces sweating to eliminate toxins from the body. Pregnant women can include light exercises or a workout designed for pregnant women in their routine after consulting their doctor. Frequent and prolonged use of topical corticosteroids, such as ointments and creams, is associated with a greater risk of developing permanent stretch marks. Such use can cause skin atrophy (thinning of the skin). So, it best to use these medications intermittently. How to Get Rid of Stretch Marks Fast Using Home Remedies How to Lighten Skin Naturally 5 Things That Make Women’s Breasts Sag, How To Prevent It And Making Them Firm Again These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More