 It’s when you push each other to become better individuals. It’s when you become so selfless with one another that other people start calling you “crazy” and “weird”. It’s when you live in your own little world, your own safe haven, where both of you are safe and happy with one another. Love is a struggle in all aspects. It’s a struggle to attain, maintain, and move on from it should it ever end. Then again, it’s true when they say that nothing in this life that’s worth having ever comes easy. You have to be willing to work hard for what you want, and work even harder to keep it in your possession. For a lot of us in life, all we ever crave for is love. It’s not too difficult to see why. Love is essentially what makes our world go around. Love is what a lot of us stay alive for. Without the prospect of love, a lot of us would not want to go on living. Love is the driving force that binds all of humanity together, but yes, it can be a struggle to find. So how do you know if you’ve managed to find and attain a love that’s real? What kind of love is the one that’s worth staying alive for? What kind of love is worth fighting for? For the lucky ones, love comes easily. They manage to find love with minimal effort, but they still know that they have to put in a lot of work in order to make a relationship work. For a lot of us, it will take a lot of trial-and-errors before we can find the love that’s actually worth making an effort for. But even then, none of us are ever sure that our love will last. That uncertainty will greatly diminish or increase itself over time, but it never really goes away. When you do manage to find that semblance of love that you’ve been looking for, it can get difficult. How do you really know that you’re meant to spend for the rest of your life with this other person? Commitment is a big thing for anyone, and you never just want to commit yourself entirely to a person you’re not entirely sure of. But the thing is, a lot of us are just never ENTIRELY sure. We can get good gauges of how our relationship is going by heeding the signs though. There are signals that let us know when it’s okay for us to take the next step in our relationships. Here are 5 signs that you’re absolutely meant to be together: Vulnerability is a slippery slope but it has to be present in any form of relationship. You have to allow yourself to be vulnerable if you want to open yourself up to another person. Vulnerability is directly tolerated to how much trust you’re willing to give a person. When you let yourself be vulnerable to another person, you’re essentially saying, “Here’s my heart. I trust you with it. Please don’t end up betraying me.” The best kinds of relationships have partners who are comfortably at ease with being vulnerable with each other.  The Difference Between Being In Love And Just Being Attached The 5 stages of love (Where are you) 9 Signs You’ve Found Happily Ever After These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More