These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  One thing that really separates women from men is their innate inclination to care about what other people are thinking. Particularly in relationships, women are always thinking about what their partners think of them. Sometimes, it drives them crazy to keep pondering about what impressions they are giving off to their boyfriends. It makes them even more self-conscious because of how much their boyfriends mean to them. They never want to project any bad images of themselves to their boyfriends; they always want to be in their boyfriends’ good graces. That’s why women tend to have very high attention to detail when it comes to doing things that would please their men. However, it can get to a point where she is already dealing with unnecessary stresses about things her man doesn’t even care about. In fact, all women should know that there are lots of things that you think are important; but they aren’t in the eyes of your guys. Here are a few things that guys rarely every pay attention to. While ladies tend to spend an inordinate amount of time on their makeup, they should know that guys don’t really care about contouring and blushing. Typically, guys don’t really pay much attention to a girl’s makeup unless someone points it out. The other few times a guy will actually notice a woman’s makeup is if she happens to be wearing too much of it.    8 Things Your Girlfriend Wants To Say But She Is Too Afraid 5 Reasons Why Women Fall For Bad Guys 10 things women do that turn men off