These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  Ladies, look out for these signs! Be real, ladies. Not all men are going to be into relationships. The romantic game just isn’t something that everyone is interested in. There are so many men out there who just can’t deal with the drama and the pressure that comes with having a serious relationship. However, you must also understand that despite the fact that they don’t necessarily want relationships doesn’t automatically mean that they don’t crave for physical intimacy with other people. Plenty of men still have their carnal desires for female flesh. They crave a woman’s touch; it has the power to absolutely drive them crazy. That’s why a lot of them will not want to be in a relationship, but they want the physical aspects of one. In contemporary times, this arrangement can be called “friends with benefits” with the ‘benefits’ aspect of it being completely sexual. Here are a few signs that your man wants to just be friends with benefits with you. Conversations are important in any relationship. If you manage to find a pattern with regards to the kinds of topics he mostly brings up during your discussions, then you can get a good idea of what kind of man he is and what he wants out of a relationship. If he always tends to navigate towards areas of discussion that concern physical intimacy and sexual practices, then you can tell that he’s just testing the waters with you. He wants to know how far you would be willing to take it with him on a physical level. If he talks about s.x more than he does about his feelings for you, then he doesn’t really want to be in a relationship. He just wants a night in the bedroom with you.    8 Signs That Your Girl Is Only Using You 6 Clear Signs That Your Relationship Is Boring The Heck Out Of You 23 Must-Know Relationship Advice for Women These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More