 Marriages are said to be arranged in heaven. It’s wedding season and I know some of y’all will be feeling lonely and sad and angry at the world because your perfect ‘one’ wasn’t the one. We all fall in love once or twice and for some it’s about 10 times before they start fearing and hating the word love. You fall in love, have a fluttery feeling in your heart and you spend hours every day talking to that certain someone and you think ‘wow this is my person, she/he gets me’. It’s all love and romance and then one dreaded day you get a wedding invite to her and Bashir’s wedding. And then you think to yourself ‘this is impossible’ and you think it’s a mistake and turns out your girl is getting married to her dads business partners kid. And sometimes you don’t even get an invite let’s be practical you get a text and that’s the end. Or whatever problem there is and it basically leads to the end of your happiness, you’re no longer on cloud 9 and you run around cursing the heavens even though they had nothing to do with your bad decisions in life. And you feel like crap. It’s a low point that’s pretty common these days. So how can you avoid it? Firstly drop the unreal expectations of getting yourself a model girlfriend/wife. That’s not happening. Women are humans and have flaws and personalities. Second of all know what basic good person’s qualities are. What makes a good woman? Actually these qualities apply to all genders. You need to have a decent human being as a partner and if you’re lucky and you find one with all these qualities… try your best to convince them to stay with you willingly. Physical appearance is important. We can’t dismiss it saying that outer appearance has no role when finding a partner. It does. To have a successful relationship you need to find a partner that you are physically attracted to and since outer appearance is the first appearance you see of a person it holds a pretty big role. The physical aspect is just as important in a relationship. This does not mean you go around trying to find a Kendall Jenner it means you need to find someone who has good hygiene, can take care of her body and herself and is physically fit. Yes she needs to be pretty to you but don’t expect her to be a goddess. Beauty is not just on the outside… it’s on the inside too so find yourself a woman with a good heart and a good personality, someone kind and decent and not rude. Someone who can make you laugh and will stay up with you all night just to comfort you if you’re worried or in pain. When you’re old and bored her physical appearance will no longer exist to entertain you, her personality will. So a bland or straight out rude person is the last thing you want as a partner.    19 Things Every Woman Tries To hide From Her Man 6 Things That You Should Expect When You’re In Love With Someone Who Doesn’t Love You 17 Must See Movies to Watch with Your Lover These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More