 Ace Manyisa (Bucs) and Itumeleng Khune (Amkhosi) allegedly cheated on their partners with the same lady: Thatohatsi Thato Sejeng (22), from Naledi in Soweto.Sources close to the situation claim the lovely young girl ended up pregnant with Manyisa s child. But he sweet-talked her into aborting, said one source.Another source said the Bucs midfielder allegedly dated Thato for a year-and-a-half. She was a student at Boston College in Sandton.The source claims Oupa dated Thato, although her family wanted her to stop seeing him. They were against the relationship because they knew Oupa was a married man, said the source.A third source close to both Oupa and Thato told Sunday Sun how they met. It was when he heard that his wife Johanna had allegedly had a one-night stand with Skeem Saam actor, Mlungisi Mathe. Oupa moved out of their home into a hotel in Jozi. We knew about the affair because he used to come and pick up Thato in Mondeor, south of Joburg, where she was staying. She spent nights at Oupa s place, and was there for him when he was down and out, the source claimed.A fourth source said: Thato fell pregnant and started isolating herself from us. Oupa started controlling her and she had to report our every move to him. It was as if he wanted control of everything and was scared his wife would find out. The source went on to claim that Oupa paid Thato R6 000 for an abortion in July last year. She had no choice because Oupa wanted nothing to do with a child. At the same time, Thato was scared of her parents. She had to abort her child after Oupa promised her heaven on earth. The Sunday Sun moles agree that Oupa used rumours of Thato dating Chiefs goalie Itumeleng to dump her in October last year.The fourth source said: Thato was spotted at the Danish Pub in Diepkloof, Soweto, with Itu. They weren t dating just bonking. Oupa s friends told him Thato was sleeping with Itu, he dumped her and changed his numbers. Thato is still hurting because this thing is killing her inside. No woman deserves to go through this, the source said.When Thato was contacted for comment, she said: My private life is private. I m not a celebrity. So, please speak with celebrities not me. Oupa refused to comment, saying: Stop writing sh*t stories, before he hung up the phone.Itu could not be reached for comment, as he was in camp for their game against SuperSport yesterday.He also failed to respond to our SMSesCheck Out Her Pictures: