Ladies, stay far away from these types!We ve all encountered different types of stories about love and relationships throughout the course of our lives. We have seen the stories of couples who just make love and romance seem so effortless and natural. And on the other end of the spectrum, we ve seen the couples who make us question whether relationships are still worth the stress. We ve all heard it all, and somehow, it s not too farfetched to think that we ve picked up some patterns along the way. We ve seen some consistent characteristics in the kinds of relationships that we aspire to have the same way we ve seen commonalities between the kinds of relationships we want to avoid at all costs.While there is no general formula for finding success in love, romance, and relationships, there are some tips that could greatly improve your chances. You must remember that relationships are all about the dynamics between to personalities. You have to be able to find someone with a personality that meshes well with yours. You have to be able to establish an emotional connection with a person who is actually ready to be in a relationship and commit himself to you.However, the sad fact of the matter is that no matter how hard you try to make a relationship work, sometimes the odds are just not in your favor. A lot of times, distress in a relationship greatly depends on your choice of man. Even if you love him with all your heart, if he possesses personality traits that aren t conducive for making a relationship work, then you aren t going to find success in your relationship at all.Yes, it can be tempting to get in a relationship with the flawed man that you can eventually fix to become a better person. You want to treat this guy like a science project that you can eventually work on until he becomes perfect enough for you.You really need to wrap your head around the fact that there are just some types of men who aren t worth getting into relationships with.These are the kinds of men who will force you to reexamine all your prior perceptions of love and romance.These are the men who might turn you off to the idea of love completely. Be sure to steer clear from these men if you don t want to end up getting heartbroken and disappointed.One of the types of men that you should be avoiding at all costs for the sake of your relationship is the guy who still has mommy issues. This is the man who seemly can t make a move in life without consulting mommy first.This is the guy who is virtually incapable of thinking for himself because he was bred to believe that only mother knows best.It s like you re in a relationship with a man s mother than with an actual man. Always be wary of these kinds of guys because they can seem genuine and cute when you first meet, but you ll only end up feeling very frustrated in the long run.&nbsp;