&nbsp;Take a break, you need it.These days, people just tend to place too much importance in finding their one true love. They are seduced by the glitz and the glamor of the romantic life that they see in the movies. They think that life is meaningless if they aren t able to spend it with a special someone. And so they pressure themselves into entering the dating scene. They try their best to force themselves into relationships that aren t exactly made for them in the first place. They just want to be able to fit in to the whole concept of #RelationshipGoals and they think that being in a crappy relationship is better than being single.That shouldn t always be the case. People shouldn t have to settle for any relationships that are less than ideal. People should just remain come and wait for the kind love that they actually deserve. Nothing good can ever come from a person forcing his or her way into a relationship. The best kinds of relationships are those that are completely natural, organic, and unforced. So if you re one of those people who just find it really hard to find success in love, maybe you re just trying a little too hard. Maybe it would be good for you to take a step back and just breathe for a little bit. Allow yourself to just relax for a little while and just let the chips fall where they may.There are plenty of reasons as to why people shouldn t be dating as of yet. Everyone should know that timing is everything when it comes to relationships. So just be patient. Try to see what aspects of your life need fixing or healing and just move on from there. There s no need to pressure yourself into the dating scene just yet. Here are a few possible reasons as to why you may want to rest from dating for a while.Emotional baggage from previous relationships are difficult to deal with. When you want to start dating someone new, you have to make sure that you are completely over any issues that you may have had with previous flames. Carrying over emotional baggage from previous relationships can be very straining on any current or future relationships you might have.&nbsp;