Controversy has a way of obscuring inspiration. It s hard to draw positive lessons from a life of a person, whose reputation often precedes them. A number of public figures have life stories that can serve as inspiration to many but their depiction in the media sort of makes it difficult to see such.Take for example one Sello Julius Malema, the leader of the relatively new political party Economic Freedom Fighters. Despite his publicized controversies, Malema remains one of the most influential figures in South Africa and to some extent the continent.As a journalist, I have always made it a point that I do not involve myself in politics. My only involvement in politics is on the day of elections where I put a cross to exercise the right that OR Tambo, Nelson Mandela, Robert Sobukwe, Andrew Mlangeni, Walter Sisulu, Ruth First, Ahmed Kathrada and many heroes of our struggle fought for. As a student of history, I am familiar with a number of political systems and philosophies. However, it s not important what I subscribe to.I want to lift a few things from the life of Julius Malema which I feel can serve as inspiration to the youth of this country. I admire Malema for certain qualities that he has displayed. In 2012 Malema, as then president of ANC Youth League, he was expelled from the ANC following his conduct which was deemed unacceptable. My interest is in the aftermath of his expulsion. Malema could have easily thrown a pity party and decided to wallow in self-pity and complain. However, he displayed courage by getting up and dusting himself.What Malema did next is worth a Nobel. Malema took the route less travelled. Malema challenged the status quo. He started his own political party. It s not a lot of people that are that brave. Courage is what makes great leaders. In an industry in life you need courage. In sport you need courage to end up getting the championship. You fight hard despite the pain. You push the barriers. You give more. Life is not a bed of roses. Malema did the unthinkable by challenging the same organization that made him. In entrepreneurship, some of the successful individuals are those who left the comfort zone of their employers.In the industry of vehicles, a number of mechanics started working for reputable companies. They started helping themselves to tools belonging to their bosses. The next thing, they are out there pushing their own workshops in the township. I am against looting. Like in the case of Malema, I challenge people to be innovative and move beyond the normal boundries. Malema refused to accept the status quo.Malema is fearless. He says the things that most people are scared to say. Fear is one of the most crippling emotions in life. I know of brilliant people who have not made progress because they are scared. Sometime you have to confront your fears and tackle life. Push fear aside and pursue your dreams. Fear of failure has a number of people captured. Malema never allowed fear to capture him.One area where Malema is inspiration is his personal life. Malema showed great discipline by losing weight. For years Malema has been a chubby chap. However he took a resolution to get healthy. He got on a rigorous programme that required discipline and consistency. He gave up certain delicacies for the sake of his health. The issue obesity in South Africa is a serious matter. The yearly statistics of people dying because of obesity are scary. I look at Malema in slim-fit suits and the developments on my belly, I get challenged. I am eager to take Malema s lead and adjust my life in the health area that it. Most of us need to hit the gym or the road and eat right. We can look up to Malema for inspiration in this regard.If you remove the controversy spectacles to look at Malema, you will find a fearless and innovative person. You will find a man from whose life many can find inspiration to go to another level.&nbsp;is an award winning inspirational speaker and author of Gifted, Hunted and Haunted. With a journalism career spanning a decade, his work has been published in several publications in South Africa and abroad. Twitter: @hosear8