The earliest HIV symptoms if you experience any at all can be disguised as other common illnesses, making a new HIV infection difficult to detect. Early detection is essential, however, to avoid spreading the condition and to give a newly diagnosed person the best chance at successfully keeping AIDS at bay.Unless you regularly get tested, consider the following symptoms a strong motivation to find out your HIV status.Often occurring two weeks to two months after infection, the HIV early flu is described by many as the worst flu ever. Muscle and joint aches, chills, fever, sore throat, headaches, and night sweats may hit hard but fade within a week.Swollen glands, particularly on the neck, with or without pain are another early symptom of HIV infection.One of the first signs of HIV infection, a rash, may only be a telltale symptom for those who are aware of its potential meaning. HIV rash can appear to be dermatitis or psoriasis and is often ignored when symptoms disappear within a few weeks. According to Healthline, HIV rash is often flat and red with small red bumps and considerable itching. These rashes range in severity and can also cause mouth ulcers.According to the Mayo Clinic, fatigue is another common sign of early symptomatic HIV. This may be due to the body s stress from fighting an infection; once infected with HIV, your immune system gears up to fight the virus and replace cells dying from infection, wearing down your energy.As the infection progresses, little problems, like a seasonal cold or cough, may linger or become chronic annoyances.Although diarrhea and weight loss are more frequently associated with AIDS, they can also affect some people after HIV infection.If you have recognized some of your own symptoms on the above list, think carefully about your experiences over the past few months. Consider all sexual encounters, decisions regarding barrier contraception, injected drug use, accidental needle sticks, and other ways you may have come into contact with the blood or body fluid of another person.All of those situations may place you at high risk of HIV infection, making it common sense to get tested soon and regularly if you continue to engage in those behaviors.Even a single instance of a high-risk behavior can result in HIV infection. If you cannot remember whether you were in a high-risk situation over the past several months, do not shrug off the symptoms. Instead, get tested. Keep in mind, you may need another test after a short time, as HIV may take several months to reach the point at which most people will test positive for the virus.Men who have sex with men, African Americans, and injection drug users are some of the most at-risk groups, but a large portion of the newly infected are heterosexual city dwellers.During the time of early HIV symptoms, you are highly infectious. If you have engaged in any high-risk behaviors, you are at high risk of passing HIV on to sex partners as well. It is essential that you use barrier protection even with a partner with whom you have lately become exclusive until you know your HIV status.Especially during flu season, it can be tempting to shrug off flu-like symptoms, a mild cough, a bit of fatigue, or a rash that disappears with hydrocortisone cream. If you have even the slightest suspicion that your symptoms are more than a passing common illness, or if you have not been recently tested, do the right thing: be your own best advocate, and get tested for HIV. Your life may depend on it.