Three times she told her friend she was going, and three times her friend called her back.Sbongile didn t know death had entered her house.AND IF IT WASN T FOR THE CHAT, SHE TOO MAY HAVE BEEN KILLED.Sbongile Mdluli (41), from Spuitview, Ekurhuleni left her home on Monday morning for only half an hour, but in that time her mother, stepbrother and stepdad had died a violent death.If it wasn t for the friendly chat with her neighbour, she would probably no longer be alive either.While Sbongile can t remember what they talked about, she remembers the friend called her back every time she wanted to leave. I tried to leave but my friend stopped me. She said she left the house at about 8am. My mother was cooking pap. Before we could eat, something told me to go and see a friend who lives nearby. She thought she would be back in minutes but the chat took longer than she expected. I don t know why, but as I was walking home, I became more and more anxious. She said she went in through the kitchen door and found the body of her mother, Nomgqibelo Mdluli (62) and her stepbrother, Ntokozo Mdluli (27) slumped over each other on the ground in the lounge.They had been shot.In the bedroom lay the body of her stepdad, Jobe Sthole (63).Neighbours said they think Jobe shot Sbongile s mum and her stepbrother and then shot himself in the bedroom.Sbongile said she can t think why her stepdad would do a thing like that. There were problems in the house, but not so that we thought of killing each other.I m devastated. I m the only person left in this house. She said her stepbrother, Jobe s biological son, was a passionate and a hardworking person and they expected him to do well in life. His future was sadly cut short, said Sbongile.She said her mother was like a sister to her. I will never forgive my stepfather for what he did. Neighbours said they had never seen anything like it. We only hear about these kind of things. How could anyone be so ruthless?Why didn t he just kill himself if he wanted to die? This is wrong, said a neighbour.SAPS spokesman, Captain Mega Ndobe, said that the police are investigating cases of murder.