The Betway Group have recently touched down in South Africa, giving sports enthusiasts all the betting entertainment they need with the innovative Betway Sports website and app.Betway is a world-class online betting company that offers a range of sports betting options. Whether you re new to the scene and simply looking for a little sporting fun, or a betting novice who knows how to work the odds in your favour, Betway is the perfect choice. Customers are treated to a selection of sports information including soccer, boxing, basketball, tennis, volleyball and so much more. Even more, the site not only offers local sporting information but also offers you betting opportunities for international teams and events.The Betway Group is not only on the betting forefront but also sponsors a number of local and international soccer teams such as Kenya s Mathare United FC, U.K s West Ham Premier League and SA s National First Team Division and Premier League. These partnerships play a crucial role in the development of African football, opening up doors for young talent by creating better training facilities and opportunities for international recruitment.The Betway Sports app makes it easy for punters to bet on their favourite events and teams while on the move. In just a few easy clicks you can setup your account, select your event and make a secure online payment. Various banking options allow you to make bets securely and fast, with an SMS verification sent to your personal phone number immediately when a bet is placed. You can choose your trusted credit card facility, other payfast methods or bet with your own M-Pesa funds. There are options to make payments, check open bets or withdraw your winnings; all in just a few clicks anywhere, anytime. Your mobile device, desktop or tablet instantly becomes your personal bookie.It s easy to stay on top of the game with updated fixtures and a live ticker showing the latest scores in real-time. You can also monitor your Bet Slip to see your betting progress. You simply need to visit betway.co.za from your internet browser for instant access to all the sports betting fun and games. What s more is, you can also access additional online games to further top up your real, cash winnings.A devoted support team is always standing by with further assistance on how to place bets or more information. Live Chat on your desktop or mobile device makes it even easier to chat to a support agent at any time for help. Betway South Africa is quickly making a name for themselves and are clearly becoming the number one choice in sports betting entertainment.