 (Subcutaneous) fat appears just below your skin (and) is actually healthier than belly fat;unfortunately, it is also harder to get rid of. Subcutaneous fat is associated with healthy cholesterol levels and fewer heart attacks, but it also has less blood flow and holds onto calories, which makes it tough to burn off. Dr. Mehmet Oz ( Dr. Oz )The fat contents within the foods we consume either visceral fat or subcutaneous fat. As a point of reference, visceral fat is body fat that is stored within the abdominal cavity and is therefore stored around a number of important internal organs, such as the liver, pancreas, and intestines. Subcutaneous fat is simply the excess fat lying directly underneath the skin; most of which is found in the stomach and abdominal areas.Subcutaneous fat, though not believed to pose any physical threat, can adversely affect one s self-image, confidence, and other psychological states. It can be important, then, to eliminate subcutaneous fat for our mental wellbeing.In this article, we focus on three ways to melt away this stubborn type of body fat. As with any exercise and nutritional regimen, we must remain dedicated and focused to sticking with the process. Self-discipline is a term we may repel from, but its application is critical as it pertains to these recommendations.As subcutaneous fat is much harder to shred than visceral, we must allocate more time to aerobic training or cardiovascular exercise (cardio). Harvard Medical School recommends moderate-intensity cardio exercise in durations of no less than 30 minutes per day. Intermittent exercise sessions (2-3 days per week, for example) will not yield much if any measurable decreases in subcutaneous fat levels.The American College of Sports Medicine states it may take between 60 to 90 minutes of aerobic training, up to five times per week, for some individuals to lose weight. The good news is that this recommended duration needn t be completed in one single session. Subcutaneous body fat can be eliminated in multiple workout sessions throughout the day.An alternative to moderate-intensity cardio is interval training a more intense form of cardio. Interval training is just alternating the high-low intensity of each movement during the workout. The main benefit of interval training is that you can expedite the fat-burning process an excellent solution for those dealing with a tight schedule.&nbsp;