The Human Settlements minister strongly feels a female leader would elevate the ANC to greater heights going forward.KHAYELITSHA &#8211; African National Congress (ANC) NEC member Lindiwe Sisulu believes the party is ready for a female president to lead it to the 2019 general elections.Sisulu on Saturday delivered a memorial lecture in honour of Lillian Ngoyi, whom she described as a towering figure, in Khayelitsha.The Human Settlements minister strongly feels a female leader would elevate the ANC to greater heights going forward.Sisulu believes the ANC has several good female leaders to take over from President Jacob Zuma after the party s elective conference in December. I believe in women&#8230; and I think the leadership of women would take us to greater heights. A victory for that woman would be a victory for all of us. She s however not ready to throw her name in the ring officially just yet because ANC rules don t allow for pronouncement before the process is opened. It would be premature, irregular and wrong of me to answer that question. Sisulu has already been approached with a nomination by a branch in the Eastern Cape and was also endorsed by ANC structures in Site C on Saturday. RULING PARTY IS FACING DARK TIMES Sisulu says the party will have to stop a steep decline in the movement to avoid a loss at the polls in 2019.Sisulu acknowledged the ruling party is facing dark times but encouraged those still in the movement to prevent the ANC from hitting rock bottom.Sisulu also highlighted the need for unity as the party prepares to go to its elective conference in December and the 2019 general elections.Sisulu says she shares the concerns of some stalwarts and former leaders about the ANC losing support. None of us ever anticipated that we d lose the City of Cape Town and the three metros. We woke up one morning and we d lost it. She adds the party wants to avoid a situation where, like many other liberation movements, it declines after two decades in power. We would not like that to happen to the ANC. We believe that we have the tenacity, grassroots support and the will to ensure that we can continue running this country until all the clauses of the Freedom Charter are adhered to. 