The 93 year old Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe launches a scathing attack on the Minister of Police Fikile Mbalula over remarks made by the minister about Zimbabweans in South Africa which he accused engaging in serious criminal activities.Addressing reporters on Tuesday, Minister Mbalula reveals that members of the Zimbabwe National Army flee from the military service in their country and are engaging in violent crimes in South Africa. There are people who come here from Zimbabwe, and they cross the line here. They run away from the military in Zimbabwe, and they come here and promote criminality here in South Africa. There are Zimbabwean ex-soldiers who are in this country, robbing banks and promoting criminality. They are running away from uncle Bob [Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe] there, Mbalula told journalists at a media briefing in Pretoria. In Zimbabwe once you are a soldier, you are a soldier for life. You can t get out of it. So to get out of it they run to South Africa, then they come here and rob banks. They are on the payroll of criminals, and we can t trace them. If a South African steals, it s easy to trace them because I will find you somewhere in the forensics because I have your fingerprints. I ve got you all covered, South Africans. Mbalula said the Zimbabweans enter the country illegally and they just come here not to promote goodwill .However the ageing President Robert Mugabe didnot take this attack lightly and allegedly courted President Jacob Zuma &#8220;to watch his dog&#8221; who he referred to as &#8220;a misguided and uninformed young man eager to praise his maker&#8221;. According to Zimbabwean state broadcaster ZBC, Mugabe was quoted defending Zimbabweans in South Africa.&#8220;I have never seen black hatred on African soil, least they forget, we dedicated everything we had to fight Apartheid regime, now a stupid misguided minister of police is barking ill about Zimbabweans who are looking for better opportunities on the other side of Limpopo. Migration is all over in the world, so as crime. Crime is crime they should deal with it.. Jacob Zuma must learn to watch and control his barking dog, or else the International Criminal Court will deal with him on Xenophobic remarks,&#8221; he said.Zimbabwean Ambassador in South Africa, Isaac Moyo, on Tuesday night responded to remarks made by Police Minister Fikile Mbalula to the effect that members of the Zimbabwe National Army, fleeing from the military service in their country are engaging in violent crimes in South Africa. The Zimbabwean government does not condone criminality by any of its citizens and the law must take its course wherever this is the case, Moyo told MzansiLIVE. We, however, cannot accept the many ill-informed elements in the said statement [Mbalula s remarks] and we deeply regret that they were made without due regard to their accuracy. 