These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Zodwa Wabantu has been outspoken about the fact that she wants to leave the entertainment industry as soon as she has enough cash to live “happily ever after.” Although she only gained notoriety this year, she has said that she is fully aware that next year her fame could sizzle out. So, to get ahead of becoming a “nobody” she is focussed on the money. And, at R35,000 a gig, many wonder what she gets paid to do. The simple answer is that you pay for the experience of Zodwa. She puts on a skimpy outfit and does her signature dance move for the crowds. Watch the video below: Considering she’s booked on most weeknights and does several gigs on a single day on the weekend, you can bet that her booty has bought her that 3-bedroom.   Zodwa Wabantu Boasts,'I Bought A Three-Bedroom House Cash' ‘I Won't Wear A Panty For Mugabe’ - Zodwa Wabantu 'I'm a normal mother at home' - Zodwa opens up about raising her son These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More