These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Legendary jazz musician Hugh Masekela is in a “good state” as he continues his fight against prostate cancer. In October Hugh released a statement, which he said would be his only one on his health, stating that he had been battling prostate cancer since 2008. He said that in March 2016 he had to undergo surgery as the cancer had spread and again in September 2017 as another tumour was discovered. At the time he said he was “encouraged by the good wishes of family, friends and everyone who has supported my musical journey, which remains the greatest source of my inspiration.” While he has remained mum on his health, his manager has said he is doing good. “He’s in a good state. He is fighting. He is doing good,” said Josh Georgiou. On Thursday EFF leader Julius Malema appealed to South Africans to pray for Bra Hugh. Earlier this year the musician cancelled several performances as he had to undergo an eye procedure. On his prostate cancer diagnosis, he appealed to men to have regular checks. “I’m in a good space, as I battle this stealthy disease, and I urge all men to have regular tests to check your own condition. Ask questions, demand answers and learn everything you can about this cancer, and tell others to do the same.” Men should ejaculate 21 times a month to protect against prostate cancer, study suggests Man scoops R17.5m Lotto jackpot after losing job Is Mugabe dead? Rumours of dictator’s demise after ‘shock hospital trip’ These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More