OSCAR Pistorius is nursing sore ribs and a painful back. Fellow prisoners at the Atteridgeville Correctional Centre apparently got irritated with his long phone calls and beat him up. According to prison insiders, inmates got frustrated after the Blade Runner spent a long time on the prison’s public phone, speaking to his lawyer. Other inmates who were queueing to use the phone got angry, but Pistorius wouldn’t budge and that’s when a fight broke out. The blade runner was apparently moered and is believed to have sustained injuries. Pistorius has apparently been on the phone a lot since the Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein extended his sentence to 13 years, after the State applied to have his initial six-year prison increased. North Gauteng High Court Judge Thokozile Masipa initially sentenced himto five years for culpable homicide in 2014. He was arrested on Valentine’s Day 2013 for shooting and killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. Ofentse Morwane, Gauteng Correctional Service’s spokesman, said: “Oscar Pistorius sustained a minor injury last week. An internal investigation will establish the facts and ensure that appropriate action is taken as incidents of assaults are not allowed.” Oscar rushed to hospital after suspected ‘heart attack’ LIVE UPDATES: Oscar Pistorius murder sentencing Oscar Pistorius receives VIP prison treatment These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More