These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Entertainer Zodwa Wabantu might be planning on retiring from the industry when she’s saved enough cash, but now she has said that just because she’s going to stop dancing, that doesn’t mean she’ll leave entertainment completely. In a recent interview on WTF Tumi with Tumi Morake she said that she knows her time is limited and doesn’t want her bits to be sagging by the time she decided to move on. “I am retiring because I am checking my ass. I don’t want my ass to be next to my knees while I am still doing it (dancing). So I am retiring.” She said that while she isn’t sure of her next move, she may consider going into acting. “Not that I am retiring from entertainment. Maybe acting? Who knows?  Maybe Mfundi Vundla is watching,” she said with a wink. It’s not the first time Zodwa has hinted at going into acting. In an interview with TshisaLIVE earlier this year she said she would consider going in front of the camera if it brought her cash. Zodwa Wabantu Boasts,'I Bought A Three-Bedroom House Cash' The story behind Zodwa Wabantu's 'life with no underwear' WATCH! This Is What Zodwa Wabantu Charges R35k To Do At A Gig!!!! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More