The EAM Shopper’s Checklist  By Heilet Scholtz, Executive at Softworx, Infor’s Master Partner in Africa  TechTarget defines enterprise asset management (EAM) as; “a broad term vendors use to describe software that provides managers with a way to view company-owned assets holistically. The goal is to enable managers to control and pro-actively optimise operations for quality and efficiency. In earlier years, EAM was simply called maintenance scheduling software. EAMs facilitate operations by automating requests for upgrades, regular maintenance and decommissioning or replacement.”   As such, EAM delivers optimal lifecycle management of an organisation’s physical assets, including the management of its facilities. While EAM software is essential for managing asset performance and maximising resources, this crucial component of a company’s IT infrastructure requires long-term considerations. The software tool itself is only part of the equation; the relationship with the vendor is of utmost importance if the organisation is to experience ongoing improvements.   To maximise the life and performance of equipment and machinery, companies should deploy an EAM solution that provides six key elements: advanced scheduling capabilities; notification and workflow features; maintenance optimisation; health, safety and environmental safeguards; mobility; and analytical tools.   Software solutions which feature advanced scheduling capabilities deliver the power to prioritise. These cutting-edge tools aid the organisation in developing long-term maintenance programmes while facilitating short-term scheduling. This is the key to making the most of limited resources and empowers the organisation to plan effectively, act proactively and promote reliable production schedules.   The best way to increase asset productivity is to automate processes. With preset notification and workflow features the right EAM solution alerts supervisors when maintenance is required, notifies management of impending warranty lapses and significantly decreases downtime.   Maintenance optimisation features allow the user to determine the right mix of maintenance approaches. From failure-based maintenance (run to fail) to use-based maintenance, preventive maintenance, and condition-based maintenance, EAM ensures that the right asset is on the right maintenance schedule at the right time.   In most industries, health, safety and environmental safeguards are critical components of ongoing operations. To facilitate a safe environment, asset management software delivers a lockout/tagout function. This safety procedure ensures that dangerous machines are properly turned off during maintenance or servicing. To be competitive, EAM solutions must also offer real-time safety checklists, safety priority fields and material safety data sheets.   Innovation isn’t innovative without mobility features. With a global shift towards digital transformation, and the rise of the smartphone and mobile applications, a modern EAM system must allow users to view data on demand. The data must be up-to-date and responsive, available in real-time. This is usually achieved with the use of, and compatibility with, a mobile device.   Lastly, when shopping for an effective EAM solution consider its analytical tools. High level, shallow analytics and reporting will not have a beneficial effect on the business. The tool must go deeper than a Pareto analysis. It is essential that the solution delivers root cause and trend analyses, presented on a role-based dashboard. With access to these sophisticated analytics in an understandable format, better business decisions can be made faster.   Issued by Perfect Word Consulting (Pty) Ltd  For more information, please contact perfectword@trinitas.co.za.      Softworx boilerplate: Softworx was founded in 1995 as Baan South Africa. In December 2000, it became a member of the EOH Group and in 2011 it was appointed as the only Infor Gold Channel Partner in Sub-Saharan Africa. Softworx was then appointed as Infor Master Partner in 2014, one of only a few worldwide. The company focuses on providing the right solutions to its customers. It delivers enterprise applications, enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions, and drives extended best of breed solutions including; supply chain planning, extended warehouse management, asset maintenance, product life cycle management, information management (BI, data warehousing and analytics), and enterprise performance management (financial planning, forecasting, budgeting, consolidation and governance). For more information, please visit www.softworx.co.za. Five Ways To Improve Plant Floor Productivity 5 tips for first time investors How Brexit could impact SA interest rates These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More