WHEN people see these photos for the first time, they’re left feeling shocked and horrified. But soon shock makes way for admiration. These are not real injuries but the work of make-up artist Nandi Mpiti from Cape Town. The horror injury pictures have been doing the rounds on social media, but attempts to speak to the talented girl proved fruitless. The caption under the gruesome photos reads: “Don’t be alarmed. It’s make-up and fake blood. Please help me live my dream of becoming a make-up artist in the film industry.” On her social media account, where she posts the pictures, Nandi writes: “Please share. My future employer might be on your timeline.” Those who know the talented young artist told the People’s Paper she wanted to work in the film industry as a make-up artist and that she was passionate about her work. Joga Kwang wrote: “Wow! Talent! Great job, Nandi. You have my full support.” Daddy Wabo wrote: “Look at SA’s talent. Nandi wants to be a make-up artist. Please tweet this until the filmmakers see it.” Some people seemed too afraid even to look. “This is scary. For me it brings back bad memories,” wrote Sizwe Mazibuko. Trey Songz set to collaborate with Emtee & DJ Maphorisa Nandi Mngoma and Zakes Bantwini married #Generations Generations The Legacy Teasers May - June 2017 (SABC1) These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More