The police have launched a search for as toddler that vanished when two parents were sleeping inside their car. The girl was 2 years old. It was reported that baby Ntlaleng kgola disappeared while her parents were taking a nap in the bushes in Witpoort outside Lephalale. Limpopo cops spokesperson Colonel Moetshe Ngoepe alleged that a couple suspected of being intoxicated was walking with their 2-year-old baby girl and her 4-year-old sister in the bushes coming from town going home. “Along the way the couple decided to rest under a tree and subsequently, they fell asleep.” Ngoepe said the couple woke up at around 19:00 and found the 2-year-old child missing. They reported the matter to the police who reacted swiftly and launched a search operation comprising of various role players including the Witpoort Saps members, the Provincial Search and Rescue Unit, Air Wing and the Lephalale Cluster K9 Unit. Ngeope said the victim was wearing an orange T-shirt and orange tight trouser. He said preliminary search operation progress have found the possible victim’s foot prints a distance away from the missing point and they are still being followed. Anyone who can assist the Police with information on the whereabouts of the child may contact LT. Colonel Lucas Mabote at 082 469 1353 or the crime stop number 0860010111 or the crime line sms 32211 or the nearest Police Station. Limpopo 'tired' rapist arrested after falling asleep in victim’s home Mob burns Limpopo murder suspect to death Bathabile Dlamini comforts parents of toddler swept away by floods These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More