  Have you ever met a couple that seems so perfect that you believe they have never fought in their life? Have you ever seen a couple so perfect that it makes you want to wish the same for yourself?   But when you see the couple after some time and you see that they are not the same anymore, you start to wonder what went wrong with them and you start to feel bad that if something can happen to such a perfect couple then what hope do the rest of us have?  In a relationship, perfect disaster comes when errors are made on both sides. It is never fully the mistake of the man and neither is it the complete mistake of the woman.  Both the parties play an equal part. Here, we will concentrate more on the problems, or rather the mistakes, that women sometimes make in relationships which can lead to a disaster. I would want to clear yet another thing in this case, it is very easy to say that only women make mistakes. This is never the case, because men also make mistakes.  We always think that a small fight is nothing to worry about but in some situations, a small fight leads to a bigger disaster.  A small problem can make both parties angry at a level that they do not want to compromise and when they would not want to compromise, they would keep on fuelling the fire. So let’s start pointing out those mistakes that women make. This mistake is made mostly by women who are less dominant and more towards the submissive side.  We all know that there is a certain level of respect that we need to maintain for ourselves, that level of respect is important to maintain because it keeps away those who are trouble. Many people have observed that women tend to get attracted towards men who do not treat them as good as they deserve to be treated.  Many nice men ask others why it is so that women are attracted more towards those guys who are not so nice to them. This is where women make a mistake when they do not know their own value. That is when they would not be able to successfully maintain a relationship.  They would always try to be the submissive one and not confront their partner over this problem. There should always be equality in a relationship and if a woman does not maintain that quality and chooses to be submissive, then that would be the fault which would lead to a disaster.    How to Make a Relationship Last: 19 Love Commandments 10 Simple Mistakes That Ruins Perfect Relationships And How To Avoid Them Top 12 Mistakes Men Make in Bed & How To Avoid Them These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More