These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  Have you been cheated on? To begin with, it must be established that infidelity or cheating in any form or degree is not acceptable. A loving and fulfilling relationship is always one wherein the parties involved remain loyal to each other and ensure that they never heart one another’s feelings. However, the sad fact of the matter is that plenty of people will fall victim to being cheated on. A lot of people will give in to the temptations of the skin and the heart, and will end up betraying their significant others. Now while cheating is inexcusable, it doesn’t mean that there’s any harm in trying to figure out why people cheat in the first place. Sometimes, it’s good to get into the mind of a cheater so that you can better identify them right away before they hurt you. Here are some basic reasons as to why people cheat on the ones they love. A lot of times, when people see that their relationships are getting way too serious for their taste, they will engage in acts of infidelity to defuse the situation. A lot of people are afraid of commitment, and cheating can be a great escape route for them.    5 Signs He Will Never Cheat 7 Reasons Women Cheat (And How To Prevent It From Happening To YOU) 11 Signs That He’s Cheating On You These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More