 When you’re only watching from afar, the main purpose of having a relationship in your life is just to have someone you can love, someone you can laugh with, someone you can share all your life stories with, and someone who can support you when you are down. But one part that no one ever prepared us for are the fights, the days when you can’t even seem to look at the other person, the moments where you can’t help but scream or shout, the arguments that seem to have no end, and the compromises that you eventually have to reach. Even the most perfect couples, the ones who seem so happy in all their Instagram posts, the ones who can’t stop declaring their love for each other in private or in public, and the ones who seem to care about nothing in the world other than their partners, end up experiencing a great deal of fights and arguments. Because when you love someone with all your heart, you feel comfortable enough to show them your true side. You don’t shy away from voicing your opinions in front of them, from telling them how mad you feel about the thing they did, from disagreeing with something they have to say, and from revealing your true and raw emotions which obviously includes anger at times. After all, it’s highly unlikely for you to start fighting unnecessarily with someone you don’t even know that well, right? But the good thing about these fights is that when the anger dies down, when you realize how silly the fight was, and when you start missing your partner again, you make up to each other in the most amazing ways. You begin to understand each other better. And you start to love each other even more. Here are 6 romantic ways in which you can make your partner smile again after a fight: One of the best forms of showing your love and affection is a good old hug. No matter how bad the fight was, no matter how angry you made them, and no matter how scared you are, just go hug them tightly and don’t let go! I assure you that all their anger and frustration will get blown away in a minute.    If You Have A Boyfriend With These 7 Beautiful Qualities, Please Marry Him 6 ways to end fights quickly 8 Signs he is not “The One” For you These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More