 So you’ve been in your relationship for a while, you are deeply in love, and everything is going great. No doubt your thoughts have turned to marriage, and just how long you’ll need to wait to get that ring on your finger. And most importantly, the thought about how to get a man to marry you is at the top of your mind. Every girl’s dream includes that perfect white wedding and celebrating your love with all your family and friends around you. But sometimes it proves difficult to convince your man to take that next step, get down on one knee, and propose. Unfortunately, it is not as easy as just being in a stable and committed relationship. Some guys happily go along for years thinking this is great, but you want more, and why not?! Here are 10 important tips to get your guy to propose A guy needs to feel ready and to be able to totally accept who you are, along with all your imperfections. He also wants to be sure he can be the man he wants to be as a husband. Getting him to think like this can be tricky, but not impossible. Sometimes it just takes a bit of clever psychology to make it happen! #1 Be the perfect girlfriend. So you and your man get on great. You have loads of fun together, your sex life is awesome, and you feel like you can tell him anything. But take a minute and think about what more you can do. Making him feel wanted, secure, and special is what it is all about. You probably know him better than anyone. What he loves, what he hates, and what is going to make him think you are even more amazing. Do everything and more to be the perfect woman for your man. Show him you are all he needs, and he’ll no doubt start thinking about making that forever commitment, probably sooner than you think.    These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More