 Any experienced lover will know that relationships will always be difficult. While the best kinds of relationships make it seem like they’re carried out effortlessly, the truth is that relationships will always require a lot of work. Couples can’t merely rely on luck and love in order for relationships to work. A lot of effort must go into every relationship to avoid catastrophes and breakdowns. Given the difficulty of running a successful relationship, a lot of people make mistakes so early on, that their relationships never end up recovering. That is why newbies in relationships who are susceptible to making these mistakes should always try to avoid them at all costs. If you are guilty of committing any of these relationship sins, then you might as well kiss you relationship goodbye. Don’t be so obvious in your eagerness to let your prospective mate know that you’re always game for a night out. You have to play hard-to-get just a little bit in order to keep them in want. Your over-eagerness might end up looking a lot like desperation. Also, try to act like you’re busy and that you have other priorities in your life. You can’t be prioritizing someone you’re just starting to date anyway.  7 Ways To Make Sure Your Next Relationship Ends Up Being Your Last 6 Common mistakes that end relationships 9 Signs That You Need To Walk Away From Your Relationship These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More