The definition of &#8220;happily ever after.&#8221;There is nothing quite like the feeling of finding the person with whom you want to spend the rest of your life with. If you survey all the people in the world, a vast majority of them will probably regard meeting the loves of their lives as one of the highlights of their being. It is an inherent human attribute for us to be constantly craving for love and affection. We are always looking for people with whom we can build a life of love around. Some of us are lucky enough to find it on early in our loves. A lot of us have to wait very long. A lot of us have to experience multiple heartaches and rejections. Plenty of us have to practice lots of patience, resilience, and hope before we finally find that one person who makes life worth living.A lot of people often wonder how they would exactly know for sure when they ve found the person to spend a lifetime with. There is an understandable insecurity that exists within a lot of relationships. Is the relationship that you re in right now really the one that s meant for you? Could you do better? Could you do worse? Should you be putting all of your marbles into this relationship right now? These are perfectly normal questions that pass through peoples minds a lot when they are in relationships.Of course, getting into a long-term relationship with another person is a very big deal. It takes a whole lot of commitment, time, effort, and emotional investment in order for a relationship to work. That s why a lot of people will tend to wonder if the relationships that they are in are the ones that are worth investing themselves for?To put the minds of some people at ease, here is a curated list of signs that tell you that you are already in the relationship that has the potential for forever.There is a mutual respect between the two of you that no one can break. You are always mindful of your words for each other because you never want to hurt one another. You also make it a point to make the other feel heard and acknowledged at all times.&nbsp;