EFF leader Julius Malema has once again come out as a reliable commentator for South Africans, as it appears he addressed the Gigaba-Buhle drama last year at a press conference.He said the ANC was hopeless if anyone within it thought Malusi Gigaba could rescue the ruling party. Gigaba and Police Minister Fikile Mbalula (then the sports minister) were young lions without teeth , he said.On Gigaba, he used the example of the drama between his wife, Norma, and former nyatsi, Buhle Mkhize, saying the finance minister could not handle two women. If he can t handle such a small thing, how can he handle a complex company called South Africa? He further questioned where Gigaba got the money to give his then girlfriend Mkhize. Where will the minister get R300 000 to give cash to a concubine? he asked, further alleging Gigaba was on the Guptas payroll.Watch the video below:Flashback Prophet CIC @Julius_S_Malema @EFFSouthAfrica @MbuyiseniNdlozi @Sentletse CIC has that foresight thing #buhlemkhize Buhle #Buhle pic.twitter.com/STUFTrMH37&mdash; AbutiM (@AbutiMM) May 10, 2017He says: Put Malusi Gigaba and [Fikile] Mbalula and they say young lions. Those are young lions without teeth. There s nothing young lions about Malusi? Aah if anyone hopes Malusi can rescue the ANC, then the ANC is hopeless. You know, the recent example, which is extremely personal but necessary, is two women fighting over Malusi, a minister, and he has got no control over them both. If he can t handle such a small thing, how can he handle a complex company called South Africa? Malusi was running the election of the ANC in 2014, Mbalula had to be called again to rescue it because Malusi is hopeless. The same thing with Mbalula. No let s focus on Malusi, he is also on the payroll of the Guptas. Remember he gave that girl from outside R300 000? I don t know what it s called in dollars. Where will the minister get R300 000 to give cash to a concubine? Minister becoming a blesser with stolen money. In her Twitter rant responding to Norma s interview with eNCA, Buhle urged South Africans to start asking questions instead of laughing at the matter. A public servant dishes out nearly R1 million to a girlfriend. No one understands where this cash comes from so we don t only tweet as a response but we take keys to our National Treasury, she said.