The love you&#8217;ve been waiting for.Heartbreak after heartbreak. Disappointment after disappointment. Have you had enough? Are you just about ready to give up on love? Do you want to leave all your relationships behind in the wind and just live a life of solitude? Have all the accumulated pain and heartache from previous relationships just done you in?You shouldn t give up just yet. Love is something that we must all continue to believe in no matter what. We should never stop trying to look for the love that we think we deserve. We are all worthy of love, and it s going to come eventually. We just need to be patient and we just need to start making better decisions.Use your failed relationships in the past to help you learn more about yourself. Discover more about what you re looking for in a partner and in a relationship. Try to think about the things that you did in the past that may have contributed to your failures in love and avoid them in the future.Yes, love is always a tricky business. It is never as easy as they make it seem to be in the movies or in those fairytale books. Love is a lot more complex than just two people helplessly falling for one another. There are too many factors that just go into play with relationships and we need to stay on top of our game to make sure that love actually lasts.Life is a constant lesson. With each failure is an opportunity for growth and development. We need to learn from the mistakes of the past so that we can move on to have a much brighter future. This also applies in love. We have to learn how to lick our wounds and mend our broken hearts until we finally find the love that is right for us. Here are a few ways that you can actually make sure that your next relationship is also going to be the last one.You should never just be jumping into relationships whenever you please. You don t dive into relationships as a quick fix to a broken heart or to loneliness. The one thing you have to learn about love in relationships is that you can never force it. It s going to be beyond your control a lot of the time and you should accept that. Just let yourself fall in love when the time right. Take things organically as they come. Don t feel pressured to fall in love with someone just because you want to. Do everything in its proper time.&nbsp;