&#8220;He&#8217;s a king and you&#8217;re his queen&#8221;Sincerity is a vast scarcity these days. That s why it can be very difficult for a lot of women to really know whether the men in their lives have true intentions or not. Sincerity is important in a relationship because that s the only way a person can know if a love is actually for real. People are too loose with their expressions of love these days. They can say that they love you without really meaning it. Sometimes, they will manipulate you into thinking that they love you just so they can benefit from it. That s why trust is such a valuable thing. You can only give it to the people who are actually worthy of it. But how do you know exactly who to trust?No relationship on the face of this earth could possibly survive when there is no honesty. People in relationships must always be honest to each other. They have to allow each other the space to speak their minds freely without fear of being judged. Once there is dishonesty and a lack of sincerity in a relationship, that is a breach of trust. Once the trust in a relationship has been compromised, then it can be very difficult to repair. Not to mention all of the emotional trauma and heartache that comes with having your trust betrayed.And so that s why a lot of girls will end up withholding their trust for a while. They want to know if their men are really worthy of the trust in the relationship. They want to know if their men are really sincere in their words and gestures. They want to know if their men have noble intentions. They want to know if their men have any ulterior motives.So if you re the kind of girl who has no idea if your man is sincere or not, then just read through the rest of this post. There are some signs that you can keep an eye out for to find out if your man really is sincere. Just make sure to be vigilant and sharp. Here are a few signals that your man is actually as sincere as can be.If a man were really sincere about his feelings for you, then he would have absolutely no problem relinquishing control in the relationship. Men who have hidden intentions and ulterior motives are those who are always trying to manipulate and control their women. So if he is the type of guy who is okay with letting you make the decisions in the relationship, then that means he really trusts you and that he s not trying to manipulate you at all. Be wary of those guys who never let you have a say in the relationship because they are the ones who don t trust you or value your opinion.&nbsp;