How do you know whether it s actually real love? Are you genuinely in love with this person or are you just getting more and more attached? How do you know whether it s actually real love? Are you genuinely in love with this person or are you just getting more and more attached?We ve seen it happened before with people we know. It may have even happened to us already. A person just keeps on jumping from one relationship to the next with bold proclamations of love and affection for each one. It can seem quite strange and odd how these people could possibly fall in love so many times with so many people only to have that love fail. It forces us to really ask the question: was it really love? Or was the relationship just an impulsive decision to break from solitude and loneliness?Reasonably, there is no scientific way to quantify or measure love. No one can really say whether he or she loves this thing or person more than another. And that s really the problem with love, isn t it? It s a feeling. It s a feeling that is observable. But it isn t necessarily measureable nor is it quantifiable. It s just something that people feel. And sometimes, people don t always have the best grasp on their feelings.Plenty of people fear the single life; they hate being alone. And this pure hatred of solitude can sometimes lead them to believing that they re in love with people that they aren t really in love with. In their desperation, people will misconstrue their true feelings for something that will fit their narrative. However, these are false emotions. These are feelings that we force ourselves to believe to justify our actions. A lot of people will cling or attach themselves to the wrong people just for the sake of not being alone. They don t want to confront the harsh truths about not having found love yet and so they will comfort themselves with a lie.There may not necessarily be a universal definition of love because it can mean so many things to so many different people. But that doesn t mean we can t see the different aspects of what a real kind of love looks like. It doesn t mean that we aren t able to observe the different characteristics that are present in genuine love affairs. A lot of us who have practiced eyes and experience hearts are able to spot the differences between real love and forced attachment between people.The one way that you know a love is real is if you really feel the weight of it even when it s gone. When love vanishes from your life, you are taken over by overwhelming sadness and grief. When you happen to be stripped of love, you feel like you are being stripped of life itself. With attachment however, loss is consolable. It s something that doesn t affect you much. It s expendable.&nbsp;