EFF leader Julius Malema has expressed concern over the recent abuse and murder of women at the hands of men. Addressing a crowd on a recent trip to KwaZulu-Natal ahead of the Nquthu Municipal by-elections, Malema told men to stop treating women like a present . Don t think you own your girlfriend, he said.Malema called men who kill women cowards , whose actions made other people look down on South African men, further saying he was not proud to be a South African man. We have seen so many young girls being killed in South Africa. Today I m not proud to be a South African man because it s only cowards who kill women. Don t kill women, don t rape women, don t beat up women, he said.Malema further slammed the 11 men who had raped a pregnant woman next to Mandela Bridge in Joburg, saying there was something wrong with their minds. In Joburg, next to Mandela Bridge, 11 men raped one pregnant woman. If you re a man and you re number 11 in line and waiting to rape 10 men in front of you raping the same woman and you are number 11, still waiting to rape that woman, you must have your head checked up. You are not proper upstairs. There s something wrong with such men. He said he did not understand why men were violent towards women, who were the most understanding human beings .Instead of forcing themselves on women, men must just win them over through the power of persuasion , further offering his help to those men who struggled to propose to a woman. If you don t know how to make love to a woman, come this side, I ll give you two tips and tell you how to propose to a woman. Stop beating women, stop killing women. Please let s respect and love our women. Protect the girl child, so all of us when we leave here, let us spread the message that this girl child must be protected by all of us, he told the crowd.Watch the video posted by the EFF on Twitter on Friday night:#EFFInNquthu: CIC @Julius_S_Malema addresses women abuse and rape whilst addressing voters towards Nquthu Municipal Elections #VoteEFF pic.twitter.com/4hcWMr6FzI&mdash; EFF Official Account (@EFFSouthAfrica) May 19, 2017