There s nothing quite like being in a relationship with a person that you love. Every single one of us yearns for a taste of love in some shape or form. It s an innate desire for every human being. We are all in need of love. That s why a lot of us spend lots of time searching for that one person with whom we can build a healthy romantic relationship with. We try our best to make sure that we do everything right as we re dating new people. We make sure we never want to mess things up because we don t want to end up losing an opportunity for love. A lot of us will have to endure our fair share of disappointments and heartaches. We will have to go through difficult romantic experiences. We will have to come to terms with the fact that love doesn t always turn out the way that we plan. But we never let these negative experiences taint our passion for love. We never let these bad heartaches discourage us from pursuing the love that can right all the wrongs in our lives.There are of course the lucky few who happen to already be in happy and healthy relationships. They ve gone through all the heartaches of disappointment. They ve somehow managed to win over the affection a person who tickles their fancy. But what they don t know is that when they enter the relationship, things aren t always going to be as they seem. A lot of things in a relationship are very alien to people who have never been in relationships before. These people tend to be unaware of the fact that there are other substantial changes a person has to make from living the single life (and they aren t always very obvious).The people who will be able to adapt to these changes will be the people who have higher chances of finding success in their relationships. They are the people who are flexible and easy-going. However, those people who will be taken aback by these changes might not be able to handle them so well. That s why before you get into relationships, you must be aware of the changes that you re going to have to make as you transition from the single life into a shared life with your significant other. This way, at least you have the opportunity to prepare for the changes that you will be expecting. Here are the common things that change when you get into a relationship with another person.Before you get into the relationship, you really don t feel the need to label your relationships with anyone. You consider this guy to be your best friend. You consider this girl to be an acquaintance. You consider this girl to be a colleague at the office. But you never really give it much thought. Things change when you get into a romantic relationship with a person. You are forced to really think about how you define your relationship with this person.&nbsp;