This isn t your first time around the track. You ve been there before and you ve probably heard it all. People have already told you that love will just eventually come for you when you re not looking. Maybe your friends have tried to console you by saying that there are plenty of other fish in the sea. Some will say that the best kind of love is still ahead of you. A lot of times, though, you know that these are just words that they HAVE to tell you to console you when you re feeling down after having another failed relationship. You start to question yourself. You start to question your beliefs. You start to wonder whether you re really fit for a life of love and relationships. All the heartaches, pains, and failures of the past have given you cause to worry. You try to pick up after yourself. There are pieces of you all over the floor and you start pondering whether it s worth trying again.It can be tempting for you to jump right back into the dating pool. It s normal. Every single one of us in this world crave for love in some shape of form. Why would you be any different? That s why it would be understandably difficult for you to just take a pause from all this relationship business for the moment and just relax. Especially when you have every one of your friends advertising their relationships right in your social media feeds. You just can t seem to escape it. It probably makes you want to blow your brains out. The series of failed relationships have turned you into a desperate person. You have reached a point wherein you re willing to do anything just to find that love that you think you deserve.But maybe you should just stop for now. Take a break. Maybe the reason why you re not finding love is because you re trying too hard. Maybe you re doing all the wrong things and you just need to reset the system for a little bit. Maybe your desperation has driven you to the point of just being pathetic. Maybe you should just stop trying to take control of things. Learn to detach yourself from the situation. Gain a better perspective. You never know; this break from the action might just be the reboot that your life needs in order to get over that final hump. Here are a few reasons as to why you should probably take a break from dating for now.You want that #RelationshipGoals that you keep seeing on your social media feeds. You want the love and the flair that you think a relationship can bring into your life. You want to be able to experience the excitement of being in a romantic entanglement with another person. But you re not particularly enthusiastic about the responsibilities and negative facets of a relationship. You don t want to be the kind of person who has to compromise in order to please another person. You don t want to give up your sense of privacy and time. You don t want to share your life with another person completely. These are things about yourself that you need to adjust if you really want to make a relationship work.&nbsp;