</p> If all relationship are as beautiful as described in an Ed Sheeran song then I guess life would be much easier. Sadly that wasn t the case. Human minds have the tendency to search for new, intriguing things. Relationships always start with a blast. It shines like fireworks and bloom like cherry trees. You felt the world spins only around you two. You thought you really can go through all kinds of difficulties together during the honeymoon. But then eventually the spark burns out. You felt exhausted, fatigued and bored. Every week seems to be the exact same copy of last week. Being with this person is no longer a thing that you wish for, but rather just a burden. A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight. But then eventually the spark burns out. You felt exhausted, fatigued and bored. Every week seems to be the exact same copy of last week. Being with this person is no longer a thing that you wish for, but rather just a burden. A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight. A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight. Everything you build together seems to start crumbling down. Yet this is not necessarily the end. Here are some ways to maintain your relationship, keeping it fresh and exciting. Activities That Trigger Feelings Other Than Romance Researches have found that by doing activities together that create a rush of endorphin and adrenaline, the sense of arousal one obtained could actually be transferred to the other partner. In a sense, you will be able to share your sensation together. A serious workout session, a really scary movie, or the craziest ride in the amusement park will all do the trick. PreviousNext If all relationship are as beautiful as described in an Ed Sheeran song then I guess life would be much easier. Sadly that wasn t the case. Human minds have the tendency to search for new, intriguing things.Relationships always start with a blast. It shines like fireworks and bloom like cherry trees. You felt the world spins only around you two. You thought you really can go through all kinds of difficulties together during the honeymoon. But then eventually the spark burns out. You felt exhausted, fatigued and bored. Every week seems to be the exact same copy of last week. Being with this person is no longer a thing that you wish for, but rather just a burden. A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight.But then eventually the spark burns out. You felt exhausted, fatigued and bored. Every week seems to be the exact same copy of last week. Being with this person is no longer a thing that you wish for, but rather just a burden. A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight.A simple decision on where to have dinner could somehow end up with a fight. Everything you build together seems to start crumbling down.Yet this is not necessarily the end. Here are some ways to maintain your relationship, keeping it fresh and exciting.Researches have found that by doing activities together that create a rush of endorphin and adrenaline, the sense of arousal one obtained could actually be transferred to the other partner. In a sense, you will be able to share your sensation together. A serious workout session, a really scary movie, or the craziest ride in the amusement park will all do the trick. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Related