Don&#8217;t EVER stop asking for these things!Relationships should never ever be one-sided. There is no such thing as a successful relationship wherein one person just leeches off of the other. Relationships should always have a semblance of mutuality in all aspects of its being. There is no room for selfishness in a real loving relationships. The people in relationships are forced to reexamine their lives and make the necessary adjustments to accommodate another person into their lives. In a relationship, you have to be willing to share more than just your love. You have to be able to share your time, attention, and thoughts to your partner without holding back.But there s no denying the fact that we are all different people who have different personalities. Not all of us are as willing to give as much as others. Some of us are passive and we don t really demand for more in the relationship. That s just the natural state of life. However, when there is an imbalance with regards to how much a person gives in the relationship, then that could be a source of potential conflict. That s why it should always be in the best interests of all couples to always be open about their feelings with one another. They should always be willing to give to their partner just as much as they re getting in return. When there is balance in the relationship, then there is harmony.That s why if you happen to find yourself drawing the short straw in the relationship, you should know that it s okay to demand for more from your partner. You need to be able to establish a semblance of balance in the relationship if you can continue to go on loving and trusting each other. You have to be there for each other as much as possible. You can t afford to fall short on the expectations that you have set for one another. That s why when you feel like you are lacking in some aspects of the relationship, you shouldn t be afraid to open up and talk about it.Here are a few things that you shouldn t be afraid to ask for in a relationship.Time is life s most sought-after commodity. It s the one thing that money just can t buy. It s the only thing in the world that we wish we had more of but we just can t get. That s why time is very valuable in relationships. When you offer your time to your partner, then you are letting your partner know just how important the relationship means to you. Time is something that once shared, one could never get back. Time is only something that you would reserve for those who mean the most to you.&nbsp;&nbsp;