 The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve. Evelyn GlennieWhen we think of intelligence, the human brain comes to mind and rightfully so. However, it this sells the rest of our body short, in a way. The fact is that our bodies are also incredibly intelligent.One way such intelligence manifests is how the body responds to internal stimuli. Despite of the millions of processes taking place within the body at any given time, we have an inherent ability to feel when something is wrong.The important question to ask, then, is how well do we pay attention to such feelings? The simple answer is that some are very attuned to bodily signals, while others are borderline neglectful.As a result, one can confidently postulate that human health has become much more complicated, expensive, and intrusive because of our unwillingness or inability to understand the body s attempt to communicate.Which leads us to the topic of today s article: signals the body sends that may indicate a need for help; whether this help means medical intervention, dietary changes, or a need to re-evaluate one s way of life.Why is this important? Well, for many reasons, but the prevention of illness or disease may be among the most crucial. We must pay due attention to what, how, and when our body is communicating to us in order to successful deter, and hopefully prevent, health conditions that threaten our existence.Without further ado, we present 10 signs that your body may be signaling for help. Unsurprisingly, many of these signs revolve around dietary habits, as will be explained below.Dry skin is often uncomfortable and annoying. Our largest organ, skin will crack, itch and scale if we are not consuming enough vitamins particularly, Vitamin E in our daily meals. To alleviate some of these symptoms, try adding more fish, nuts and healthy oils to your diet.&nbsp;