After 9 years of marriage, one of Mzansi’s favourite celebrity couples is calling it quits. Zwai and Melanie Bala have confirmed that they are indeed separated and divorce proceedings are already underway. This follows much media speculation about the couple’s state of affairs. In a statement released by the couple yesterday, the former lovebirds said they felt that it was important that fans get the story from them. “We have come to a mutual decision that although we’ve strived to be the best version of ourselves within our marriage, we have sadly fallen short of that,” the statement reads. The couple said that they have tried to keep their off-screen lives as private as possible, and they continue to ask for privacy in this trying time. “We remain committed to jointly raising our amazing children in a happy and healthy environment and will continue to be great friends,” they said. The statement ends with the couple saying that they wish to say nothing further and that this would be their only comment on the matter. The couple got married in a beautiful ceremony in 2008 and have two children together.   I will not go back to Pastor Chris - Anita Oyakhilome "I want divorce, his p_enis is too big, he doesn't rest" - Thohoyandou woman Zuma’s daughter unhappy with divorce settlement, wants half of hubby’s estate These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More