These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A DESPERATE mum from the violent squatter camp of Marikana, in Cape Town is doing everything she can to get her 15-year-old son off nyaope. The 42-year-old single mum, who cannot be named as her son is a minor, she said she tied the boy to a gas cylinder to stop him getting drugs on the streets of the kasi. “At one point, I even took him to the Eastern Cape to stay with his father but he sent the boy back because he couldn’t deal with him.” The mum said she also took the boy to her brother, who is a pastor in Mfuleni, but he gave up as well. She said social workers said her son was too young to go to a rehabilitation centre. “It’s better to chain him up than losing him for good because I know if he continues robbing people he will get killed,” she said. The boy stopped going to school last year in grade 6. The mum said he started abusing benzine in 2010 and as time went on, he moved to nyaope and dagga. When asked how he got hooked on drugs, he said: “I was playing with my friends and we saw older guys smoking. We asked to join them and we haven’t stopped.” The mum said a mob once wanted to burn him alive. “He was robbing people and residents wanted to kill him. They told me to leave Marikana. That’s why I started chaining him up.” Social Development spokesman Sihle Ngobese said: “I have asked social workers to look into the matter, and then will make contact with the mother. “There are options for young people who are suffering from drug addiction, and social workers will explore these.” My big baby headache Boy's 4-5 cut in botched circumcision Why we raped- Two rapists open up These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More