The Finance Minister says the tax revenue shortfall is R50.8 billion and this has severely eroded the country’s financial position. CAPE TOWN – Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba has warned of tough times ahead for South Africa’s economy, saying the challenges have to be confronted head-on and cannot be sugar-coated. “It is not in the public interest, nor is it in the interest of government, to sugar-coat the state of our economy and the challenges we are facing.” EFF MPs delayed the start of Gigaba’s address by nearly 20 minutes, calling him a “Gupta stooge”, before leaving the house after they were threatened with being thrown out of the chamber. Delivering his inaugural Medium Term Budget Policy Statement in Parliament, Gigaba says the tax revenue shortfall is R50.8 billion – and that this has severely eroded the country’s financial position. This is the biggest drop in revenue from VAT, personal and corporate taxes since the 2009 financial crisis and represents a gaping hole in the budget. Gigaba’s warned of tough times ahead for the country. “The period ahead is not going to be an easy one. Our resolve is to remain on course and not to deviate irretrievably from the fiscal consolidation goals we embarked on a few years ago.” He cautioned that tax increases – as well as further cuts to government spending – could be counter-productive and stifle the growth the economy desperately needs. In the briefing, Gigaba made it clear that the government’s ambitious nuclear programme is off the table for now at least – because it’s simply unaffordable. Gigaba says the government intends to sell off some of its assets – with its Telkom stake still in the mix – to prevent this bailout causing a R3.9 billion breach in the expenditure ceiling.   “Some would argue for the imposition of more austere measures to aggressively rein in the growth of public debt.   The government will have to borrow R52.8 billion more than expected, mainly due to the shortfalls in revenue from VAT, personal and corporate taxes. Since Gigaba started speaking the rand has extended losses and at 3pm was trading 1.5% weaker against the dollar. I don't do state capture‚ declares Gigaba Malusi Gigaba is the new finance minister Govt must review all KPMG work to uncover ‘compromised’ audits, says Gigaba