 Now sometimes, the merging of two personalities won’t always go so well. And that’s why a lot of couples become dysfunctional over the course of time even though things started out great. As you get deeper into a relationship, you really start to reveal your true selves to one another. And in those times, incompatible personalities will start to find problems in the dynamics of their relationship. They will start to realize that perhaps the relationship isn’t going to be as easy as they initially thought it would be. And when that happens, everything starts go downhill. But on the other side of the spectrum, there are those relationships that act like fine wine. They get better with age. The longer that a couple stays together, the stronger that their love for one another becomes. It’s a beautiful thing to behold. These are the couples who were compatible to begin with and who always made it a point to work on their love and to continually strengthen their relationship. These are the kinds of couples who are really built to last. And if you’re wondering where your relationship falls on this spectrum, then you just have to keep an eye out for the signs. Think that your relationship has what it takes to go all the way? Then check if your relationship is applicable to any of the signs that are listed on here. You always give each other the platform that you both need to express yourselves. You are both always made to feel like you can be completely honest with one another. You don’t censor each other and you never hold anything back because you always want to promote openness in the relationship. You always respect each other’s individuality and you would never want to overstep your boundaries. You are both a loving couple, but you both still make sure that you have your individual lives going on.    5 Things That Change When You Enter A Relationship 6 Things You Should Never Stop Asking For In Your Relationship 9 Signs You’ve Found Happily Ever After These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More