 Maybe you’re developing a crush on the new guy in the office. Maybe you find that friend of your friend who you met at the bar over the weekend really cute. Maybe that kid in your class who sits a couple of tables away from you is really catching your eye. You can’t help but think to yourself: how do you get this guy to chase after you? Well, you have to rid yourself of that thinking. He doesn’t have to be the one who does the chasing. In fact, no one really has to be doing the chasing in relationships anymore. The dynamics of dating have changed substantially and it’s just infinitely more complicated now. But at the end of the day, the one constant is time. Even if everything in the world around us is constantly changing, the time that we are given will always be the same. We can’t bargain for any more and that’s why we always need to make the most out of whatever time we are given. We can’t afford to be wasting our time trying to get men to chase us – not especially the wrong men. Here are 10 reasons as to why you should stop trying so hard to make him chase after you. There are so many things that you have to do in your life. There are so many places that you want to go. There are many people that you have to meet. There are many goals that you have to accomplish. If you try too hard to get a man to chase after you, you will come off as really desperate and downright passive-aggressive. Don’t be coy about it. If you like someone, come right out and say it. But don’t be super imposing or don’t be trying too hard.    10 crazy things girls do to gain attention 11 Kinds of guys who are TOTALLY worth your time 8 Signs he is not “The One” For you These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More