JOHANNESBURG – Sacked Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande vowed that President Jacob Zuma will be a non-factor after the African National Congress (ANC)’s elective conference in December. Nzimande was fired last week in Zuma’s recent Cabinet reshuffle. The South African Communist Party (SACP) has called on the ANC to recall Zuma and has criticised the government for failing to deal with the ongoing influence the Guptas have on state affairs. Nzimande says Zuma is a major problem. “He must go because he’s the single biggest problem in the African National Congress, in our alliance and in the country. That’s why we’re calling on him to step down as the president of the Republic.” Nzimande says that the SACP has asked its members who are still serving in government to stay in their posts.
Blade Nzimande says he’s not surprised that Zuma fired him from his portfolio. Nzimande became a causality of Zuma’s latest reshuffle and is the only minister who was completely removed from Cabinet. He says President Zuma did not hand him a report of the fees commission looking into the feasibility of free higher education. Nzimande says the signs for his removal were imminent. “One must respect how the president chooses to deal with that but I just found it completely out of order and that’s why I was not surprised that I was fired. All the signs were there.” Replacing Mbeki with Zuma did not solve our problems - Nzimande Nzimande refuses to be drawn on Cabinet reshuffle talk Factional leaders including Jacob Zuma must go- Nzimande These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More