 Feeling rejected hurts. It undermines your confidence and makes you doubt your worth. And whether you’ve experienced it a lot or it has only happened once or twice in your life, it can easily lead to deep anxiety about future rejection. Trapped by a horrible feeling of worthlessness, you might let your fear of rejection stop you from even trying to achieve your dreams. This in itself makes you feel worse about yourself, creating a vicious cycle of fear and low self-esteem. Sometimes, you probably feel like you’ve tried everything to feel better and just don’t seem to be improving. However, it is possible to overcome the fear of rejection and develop a healthier level of self-confidence. Whether you’re dealing with a fear of rejection in relationships, in your career, in your friendships or simply in every part of your life, there are techniques you can use to move forward. There are many different contexts in which you might feel rejected by everyone. Each comes with unique challenges and emotional wounds, and you’ll find that thinking about your own particular experiences of rejection can help you better understand what you need to do to heal.    5 Things To Do When The One You Love Doesn’t Love You Back 5 Tips To Help You Admit To Your Crush That You Like Them How To Prevent Blame And Criticism From Destroying Your Relationship These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More