These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  THE LADY in the yellow dress that shocked everyone at the Metro FM Awards this past weekend has been trending on social media since the awards ceremony and now she has dropped a new song called Umzimba. Queen Skolopad, real name Nonhlanhla Qwabe, is now trying to raise funds through social media to shoot a music video for the song. She is based in the Free State and has been trying to break into the music industry with no luck. Skolopad, who is 33 years old, is a house and kwaito musician. She dropped her single this afternoon and fans on Twitter seem to be loving it and supporting her hustle. The song is a celebration of dance, being proud of one’s body and not being afraid to flaunt what your it. Skolopad says “I am comfortable in my own skin and I wish all young women would embrace their bodies. I asked a young local designer to make a dress that would expose my naughty bum and make it look as if I wasn’t wearing panties”.    GO TO NEXT TO SEE MORE PICTURES  The lady in the yellow dress to fund her education through semi-nude performances Was Bonang’s outfit inspired by Skolopad? Meet the woman in the yellow dress at the Metros These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More