 It’s a shame really. We live in the 21st century and yet the stigma of strong women still exists. The traditional-minded men are still intimidated by smart and independent women who can establish dominance in a relationship. The liberated nature of a strong and independent woman may prove to be too unsettling for most men. When women carry themselves with an air of intelligence, depth, and class, it can be intimidating for men who aren’t so sure of their own personal capabilities. It’s not the woman’s fault though. Society is going to have to adjust to her. This is the age of the new woman who is just as smart, and who should have just as many opportunities as men to find personal success. These women have to be patient with love. They deserve a high-class man and they might have to wait a long time before they come across one. A strong man who isn’t insecure about dating a strong women can be a rare find these days. So what is it about these kind of women that repel weak men? Let’s count the ways, shall we? Here are the 10 things about deep women that men can’t keep up with. She won’t ever be shy about expressing her opinion. She is a very profound and educated person who can develop well-rounded opinions about everything. Sometimes, a man will be on the receiving end of her criticisms and his ego may not be able to handle it. She can be a little brutal with her honesty sometimes and some men won’t be able to tolerate that kind of frankness. A conniving man can’t pull a quick one over a deep woman. She can see right through him and his intentions. A deep woman is meditative and reflective and she always knows when she’s being played. Men who have the tendency to belittle women with their lies and deceit will find themselves unable to victimize deep women. A deep woman isn’t gullible and some men don’t like that.    6 Things That Men Love About Their Women Aside From Their Appearance These are the 10 things women apparently find unattractive in men 40 Things Men Find Attractive About Women These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More