 Not all relationships last. Not all men are worth being with. Sometimes, when enough is enough, you just really have to call it quits. You have to be able to say that you deserve better and you have got to muster the courage to walk away. There’s no shame in walking away from a relationship that isn’t right for you. Remember that you never have to settle for a love that you feel like is beneath you. You always have to fight for the love that you deserve – even if that means having to give up the love that you already have. Life is like that. We have to be able to burn some bridges and close some doors for us to move on to bigger and better things. Sometimes, you just get stuck in a relationship with a loser boyfriend and you have to realize that the sooner you call it quits, the better. It would be much more beneficial for your heart if you pull the band-aid off and break up with your terrible boyfriend. It’s much better to be happy as a single lady than to be unhappy in a sucky relationship. Of course, not all relationships are going to be perfect. You still have to be able to fight for the relationships that have problems. You can’t just throw something away because imperfections exist. You have to work towards getting things better. You have to put in the time and effort that’s necessary to make a relationship work. So how do you know when you need to fight and when it’s time to walk away? That’s the question that a lot of people in bad relationships struggle with. But to help put your mind at ease, here are 12 signs that you definitely need to break up with your man and end the relationship. Why would he still be on those dating apps if he were truly serious about being in a relationship with you? If he’s not willing to take things seriously with you, then you shouldn’t be willing to take things seriously with him either. While it’s unreasonable for you to think that you should be the only important thing in his life, it’s fine for you to expect to place you first every once in a while. If you feel like you are constantly playing second-fiddle, then it’s better to walk away.    These 10 Signs Will Tell If You’re In A Dead-End Relationship 7 Relationship Red Flags You Almost Always Miss And What They Could Mean 17 Signs that your partner isn’t serious about the relationship These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More