These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Idols judge and Metro FM DJ Somizi Mhlongo says that he is ready to get married and start a family. The entertainer shared his plans for the future on his Metro FM breakfast show with DJ Fresh this morning where he confirmed that he and his partner could walk down the aisle next year. “Next year! I will become Mr something,” he said. Somgaga opened out about finding love again to True Love, sharing that the met at a champagne launch. “We met in July at the exclusive Louis Vuitton and Moët & Chandon event, at which the top 20 customers in Joburg were invited for the launch of a new champagne,” he said. “I still want to have another child. The decision comes out of me being selfless because my partner doesn’t have a child and he wants a child,” Somizi revealed. Somizi has opened up about a certain time in his life when his ex kept him a secret for 5 years on Mapaseka Mokwele’s show on KAYA FM. “I became a secret for five and a half years, up until I asked him, ‘so when are you going to [introduce] me. I’ve never been to your place, I’ve never met your parents? But my family knows you,” he said on the show. Somizi and Bonang: From friends to enemies. Somizi finally opens up about his friendship with Bonang I couldn’t trust him anymore, says Bonang on Somizi