 Not to say that imbalances in a relationship are uncorrectable. A relationship can always be salvaged if issues are spotted and addressed early on. However, when left unchecked, imbalances within a relationship will eventually lead to a destructive end and you would never want that for yourself. The trick is always in being able to realize that you are in a relationship with blatant imbalances, recognizing the problems, and making the necessary corrections to improve the state of things. But how do you know if there are imbalances in your relationship? Well fortunately for you, there are a few things that you could keep an eye out for. Use these clues to help you spot potential points for improvement in your love affair. These are 9 signs that you love someone more than they love you. A person who is madly in love with you would definitely be obsessed with learning as much as they could about you and your life. If they feign a sense of disinterest and indifference, then perhaps they don’t love you as much as you thought. You never feel like you are a part of your partner’s future with the way that they make plans without you. They rarely ever include you in the planning process and you end up always feeling left out.    6 Things You Should Never Stop Asking For In Your Relationship 12 Signs Your Long Distance Relationship Isn't Going To Work 7 Relationship Red Flags You Almost Always Miss And What They Could Mean These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More