A majority of people associate traveling with a long lasting journey abroad. As a result, they also think it is expensive and put off their romantic getaways. But we can surely say, you don’t need much time and money to go through a real experience of a trip. All you need is a desire, your significant one, and list from Nataly dating site of romantic weekend getaways ideas. Two days in a woodhouse in forest
It’s hard to imagine something more sweet and pleasant than a romantic getaway to the woods. The further the location is, the better. Rent a small house on a shady glade, where the air is so fresh that you will feel like being reborn. Get away from a noisy and dusty city and enjoy the weekend in a close contact with nature. Make food on a fire, investigate the territory together, and take funny pictures. When the night comes, don’t forget to try se-x at the fireplace, if you really have one in your house, of course. A weekend in amusement park
Some parks are so huge and entertaining that it’s hard to get the widest palettе of emotions only in one day. As a rule, there are numbers of hotels and residential complexes around amusement parks so the visitors could spend more time to go crazy. Rent a room, pick up a type of a ticket, and enjoy a perfect getaway. The major rule is to forget about shyness and to go back to childhood. Calm your body and soul in SPA
If you don’t look for very cheap romantic getaways, invest your saving into relaxing trip on a weekend. No stress, no extreme, no loud parties or annoying companies. Moreover, you will be taken care of and you don’t have to think over your leisure time. Your girlfriend would be very pleased with this idea. Extreme on a water
Romantic beach getaways usually represent a lazy vacation on a tropical resort. It is the most common image of a trip for two… and the most expensive one. Moreover, there is almost nothing to remember after such trips except hot and crazy se-x. So, if you’re looking for truly unforgettable experience, try this idea: go rafting on a local river. Why is it great for couple? At first, such extreme occupations make people closer because it is quite dangerous. Being in a thrilling situation makes you both care about each other. Finally, the excitement you get in the process is a good stimulation for your love games in the evening. Sure, it is just a river trip, but some girls afraid it a lot. And when they get scared, they turn on very quickly if their beloved man is near. A trip on a yacht
Did your girlfriend turn off the idea of rafting? Calm down, we have a nice alternative she would definitely approve. Stock up on fruits, delicate cheese, and vine. Pick up a list of the most romantic songs. Rent a yacht and let the waves carry you. You will remember this mini-cruise for long. A classical so American date in a hotel
We all remember legendary scenes in movies that take place in cheap motels (try not to think about Hitchcock’s ‘Psycho’). Frankly speaking, such getaway is a common se-xual phantasy of men and women. So, let’s get it started. Leave your city, stay in the most good-looking and not expensive hotel, and enjoy each other far away from everyone. What are the plans for such weekend? Buy few DVD’s with your favorite movies (the pictures of XXX-category are in favor) or take your collection of board games, order a pizza or Thai food, and relax. Hang a sign ‘Do not disturb’. Enjoy your stay. Whatever you choose, consider the interests and desire of your second half. Remember that even the most banal idea like camping for two can be brightened with your non-standard approach. 25 Really Romantic Ideas to Make Your Lover Melt 8 Romantic Tricks You Must Try To Make Her Love You More How to Be Romantic on the Phone These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More