 You know what else can make people feel like that? Snorting cocaine. According to an article on cocaine.org, getting high on cocaine leads to “enhanced mood, heightened interest, a feeling of increased self-confidence, greater conversational prowess and intensified consciousness.” That’s enough to scare me, a girl who grew up in the era of Nancy Reagan and “Just Say No.” But if that doesn’t freak you out, here are six more ways falling in love is like doing hard drugs. Consider yourself warned… Anthropologist and love expert Helen Fisher has extensively studied what new love does to our brains. Her experiments revealed that when we are in the beginning stages of falling in love (known as ‘limerence’), our brains are flooded with the same chemicals as the ones associated with cocaine use. Norepinephrine gives us a rush of  energy, seratonin fills us with self-confidence, and dopamine is the engine that generates feelings of pleasure. Limerence lasts an average of 18 months to three years.The Experience of Being in Love. And being in this state, just like being high on drugs, is a little bit dangerous, as you can imagine… Drug addicts are notorious for making bad choices. They ruin relationships, run up debt, commit crimes, and perpetrate acts of violence. And so, too, do people in love. That’s because those same chemicals making us happily loopy also knock our moods out of whack. Our decision-making ability is impaired, and rational thinking goes out the window. All we care about is the person we’re besotted with; nothing else seems important. That’s not to say we shouldn’t make any decisions in the early stages of being in love, but it’s not a bad idea to be cautious – or at least to be aware that you’re not operating under normal circumstances. Enjoy being in love; just take it easy when it comes to taking any huge, life changing leaps.   If falling in love doesn’t have you out getting ill-advised tattoos and planning to move across the globe, it could send you to church. According to Slate, changes in brain chemistry (like the ones induced by smoking crack or falling head over heels in love) often leave people more open to spiritual experiences than they would be otherwise. Messing with brain chemistry can lead to imbalances that affect your ability to reason, as well as changes in your personality. You’re more likely to see things that aren’t there and believe things without evidence – in other words, you might have a spiritual awakening. Researchers gave ten volunteers the drug psylocybin the active ingredient in magic mushrooms in the basement of a chapel, wondering if it would cause them to have a spiritual experience. And indeed, the combination of the religious atmosphere and the drug did cause every study participant to have some sort of religious experience.    The 5 stages of love (Where are you) 5 Ways Heartbreak Actually Benefits You, Even Through All The Pain 10 Habits of People With High Confidence